Jessica Weiner
123 Sesame Street, Clark, NI 07066 + (123) 456-7890,

‘November 18, 2014

Dr. Lara EnglishHill
‘Superintendent
Tech Academy

100 Education Lane
Clark, NJ 07066

Dear Dr. EnglishHill:

[Iam writing in reference to the open teaching position for first grade. I
recently graduated Rowan University with degrees in Early Childhood Education and
Literacy Studies, as well as a certification in Reading. I learned about this position
from your school’s website and reaching out because I could not imagine a position
better suited for my career goals and personal interests.

Bringing with me an array of skills, qualities, and experience, I am confident
that I will become a valuable asset to your school. For instance, I offer a wealth of |
‘experience with children and parents, especially from varied cultures. The Head Start
Pilot experience and my employment at a daycare and summer came offered very
diverse environments, providing experience in cultural diversity as well as interaction
with parents and children. Also, my reading certification has allowed me to become
‘an expert in emergent literacy and reading problems. Therefore, I will be able to assist
all students, regardless of their issues as they first begin building their foundation of
literacy. This certification enables me to assist students with reading disabilities and
help create a plan for correcting such issues. Moreover, I exhibit strong commitment,
vision and leadership as depicted in my leadership roles as the head of a Relay for
Life team, junior coach, counselor and assistant teacher, as well as in my NCA
leadership award, This strong sense of leadership is essential inthe classroom,
‘especially of young children bacause at this age, self-regulation is not fully developed
and therefore, supportive and positive behavior management is needed.

Tech Academy, though new, already has such a prestigious reputation in our
‘community. Becoming part of'such an excellent team of teachers would allow me to
‘excel as a newer teacher and gain the rich experience I need to be a better educator. I
‘would like to thank you for the opportunity and for taking the time to read through

this leter. I am looking forward to our possible meeting and will be following up in
about one week's time via this email address in hopes to schedule this meeting.

Respectfully yours,
Jessica Nicole Weiner

CHICORA FOUNDATION, INC.
PRESERVING THE Past FOR THE FUTURE P.O. Box 8664

861 ARSUTUS DRIVE
Covumeis, S.C.29202
803-787-6910

May 30, 2008

Ms. Anne Carmichael Sherman
PO Box 700
Edisto Island, SC 20438

Dear Anne,

I'm enclosing a copy of our report on the Cottage Cemetery. As you requested, I am also sending
this report to Edward Crawford, Phillip Christman III, and Patricia Kruger.

It provides general recommendations in the body of the report; we include a section for priorities
which outlines our suggested 5-year plan for the cemetery. The Appendix includes a stone-by-stone
assessment for conservation needs and costs.

As you review the text, please feel free to contact me with any questions you may have regarding
current conditions or our recommendations. I hope that the report meets your needs and helps direct the
preservation efforts at the cemetery. As Debi and I said at the time, this is an amazing cemetery and you
are very fortunate to have such a good record of the stones. I believe with the dedication of your group
you should have no problem implementing changes that will serve to ensure the cemetery’s preservation
and repair.

We appreciate the opportunity to offer you this report and hope that we can be of assistance in
future efforts. I am enclosing our invoice.

Sincerely,

he
Michael Trinkley, Ph.D.
Director

& Printed on Recycled Paper
Samantha Smith
123 Main Street, Anytown, CA 12345 - 555-555-5555 - samantha.smith@email.com

September 1, 2018

Dr. Maggie Lee

All Creatures Animal Clinic
123 Business Street
Business City, CA 12345

Dear Dr. Lee,

| saw your advertisement in Veterinary World magazine this week and would like to submit my
resume for the Veterinary Technician position at All Creatures Animal Clinic. | feel that my
diverse background in the animal industry, combined with strong organizational and clinical
skills, would make me an asset to the All Creatures veterinary team.

| earned an Associate degree as a Veterinary Technician from the well known State College
program, which gave me the opportunity to work with both companion animals and livestock
species in a veterinary setting.

In my current position, as a veterinary technician at Southside Veterinary Center, | work in a
multi-doctor small animal practice. | have been professionally employed and licensed in
California for the last three years and maintain membership in the California Registered
Veterinary Technicians Association. | have gained significant experience assisting with surgical
procedures, and | hope to qualify for specialty certification as a Veterinary Surgical Technician
early next year.

| would appreciate the opportunity to discuss the position with you, and | have included my
resume and references for your review. Thank you for your consideration and | hope to speak
with you soon.

Sincerely,

Samantha Smith


ARTIE SMITH

746 Levy Street « Morristown, N] 07960
Phone: 555-000-0000 + Email: emailemailnet

<Date>

“<First Name> <Last Name>, <Title>
“<Firm Name

<Address>

<City, State Zip>

Dear <Courtesy> <Last Name>:

Since the start of my career, Ihave Deen successful in driving revenue and business growth theough the creation of
sirategic market plans, the formation of strong organizations, and the penetration of markets. As a result, | achieved
substantial bottom-line increases and customer base expansion. Based on these accomplishments, and the requirements
clined in your job posting Lam submitting my resume for your review.

From my resume, you wi erating company growth and market diversification and
Inceeasing portfolio valuation fortwo companies Lhad a financial stake in. For each, I generated buyer interest (cluding
‘one from a Fortune company}, ultimately selling both companies for a profit. These successes can be atributed to the

following initiatives:
note my track record of 3%
= Owned implementation and execution of sales strategies, company's brand identity, and business development
activities to stimulate growth,
1 Vigorously addressed deficiencies by analyzing market requit
strategic product roadmap that captured double-digit growth,

sents and competitive landscape to develop

After the sale of the last company, I made the conscious decision to take stock of my experiences and spent the last couple
of years growing professionally. Specifically, 1 gained invaluable insight on the importance of developing high-
performance teams and became 360 Solutions Certified. Now Tam ready to apply the new strategies learned and the
professional strengths Ihave developed throughout the yearsin anew direction abd a neve organization

My resume contains additional details regarding my career aecomplishments. welcome an opportunity for a personal
Interview to discuss your organization's needs and the results You can expect feom me in addressing those needs. Thank
you in advance for your time and review of my qualifications

Sincerely,

Artie Smith
James Wendely

10-Year IT Management & Analysis Profe
1431 Shaw Road (419) 921-6156
Rossford, OH 43460 {_wendely@selectjobs.com


Date

Contact
Company
Address.

City, State, Zip

RE:
Dear Mr(s).

You'll note that I am a results-driven management professional with a history of overseeing all facets of a large~
scale team, including budgeting, workflow ergonomics, task analysis, quality control, and labor relations.

Promoted and consistently entrusted with large teams and operation agendas throughout my career, I’ve had the
opportunity to work with some of the best management teams the industry offers. I offer technical and analytical
viewpoints due to my hands-on experience working with computers, software, and problem solving /
troubleshooting. Accentuating my professional career, I have participated within several business organizations,
including Rotary Groups and Chambers of Commerce.

= Over 10 years within a management capacity, handling all components of supervision: strategic planning,
product development, cost control, operations logistics, quality control, scheduling, personnel, facility design,
sales, marketing, and product delivery.

= Heavily involved within client needs assessment to identify and form software applications per individual's
specifications, while catering to their short- and long-term business goals.

= Increased production line staffing by 350% in less than 36 months after demonstrated ability for client
retention and referral base inclines.

= Hold communication meetings with department members concerning production goals, inventory, and
scheduling logistics.

My documented ability to thrive within a new atmosphere is reflected within the attached resume, and I’m certain
that you are seeking a professional who will not only fill the position, but will produce results.

I would like to discuss this position with you further. Please contact me at (419) 921-6156 to schedule an
interview or a meeting time so that we may discuss your company’s immediate goals, and the expectations you
possess for this position. I look forward to meeting with you

Sincerely,

James Wendely
123 Main Street, Anytown, CA 12345 - 555-555-5555 - kylie.applicant@email.com

September 1, 2018

Xander Lee

Director, Human Resources
Acme Software

123 Business Rd.

Business City, NY 54321

Dear Mr. Lee,

lam very interested in the Help Desk Technical Support position that you have advertised on
Indeed.com. | believe my training, experience, and proven ability as a Tier One Technical
Support Specialist and Help Desk Technician will allow me to significantly contribute to the
productivity and quality of your company's IT division.

In reviewing the attached resume, you will note that | have acquired valuable experience in all
facets of troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance for various desktop operations,
hardware, and software. | possess a unique talent for translating highly complex technical
information into terms and concepts that the end users can readily grasp. These skills have
enabled me, in my most recent position, to reduce our response time to trouble tickets by 45%,
vastly improving our client satisfaction ratios.

Furthermore, | am multi-task oriented, enjoy a challenge, and continually stay abreast of the
latest advancements in the IT field.

If you are seeking an IT professional who has excellent people and problem-solving skills and
who can easily provide optimum support to your MIS operations, then please consider what |
have to offer.

| believe it would be mutually beneficial for us to meet and discuss the goals of your company
and how my technical abilities can help you achieve those goals. | will call your office in a few
days to inquire about the possibility of a meeting.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,
Oliver Applicant

123 Main Street, Anytown, CA 12345 - 555-555-5555 - oliver.applicant@email.com

September 1, 2018

Amanda Lee

Director, Human Resources
Acme Tech

123 Business Rd.

Business City, NY 54321

Dear Ms. Lee,

Please accept the attached resume for the position of Technical Business Analyst as recently advertised
on Monster.com. I've had the pleasure to review Acme Tech's website, and to speak with Jane Doe, a
colleague at Acme Tech, and am very enthusiastic about the position advertised. | believe that my
combination of technical skills, consulting experience, and business sensibilities would serve Acme Tech
well in this position.

My foundation is as a developer in multiple languages and on many platforms. If the situation requires
getting code done, | deliver high quality, clean, working code, quickly and correctly. I'm comfortable with
structured code, databases, OO programming, and "specialty" languages such as might be found in
workflow or business rules systems. I have every confidence that to the extent the position requires
actual coding, | can sling code with the best.

To the extent that the position requires analysis of business rules and processes, | have specific
experience in two main areas that are closely related.

On the analysis side, | was the Product Manager for a large system. In that capacity, | was responsible for
extracting functional requirements from end users, customers, marketing, etc., and translating those
requirements into detailed requirements.

On the business rules side, as the Product Architect for a suite of enterprise systems, | led the
requirements definition and vendor and partner review for a collaboration system that included a
business rules engine component. While | was not involved as a developer in these systems, | am quite
familiar with this class of products and the salient features that define their value.

Ona more general level, | believe | bring the broad "soft" skills you can have confidence in with a
candidate that will represent Acme Tech to your customers. | trust you would find me to be well-spoken,
energetic, confident, and personable, the type of person on whom your customers will rely. | also have a
wide breadth of experience of the type that gives you the versatility to place me in a number of contexts
with confidence that the level of excellence you expect will be met.
Jane A Jobseeker
Tas Success Ave, New York, NY 10017
: (212) 555-1212 €: jane@vahoo.com

February 14, 2020

Mr. Marcos Alvarez
Director, Human Resources
‘ABC Company, Inc.,

456 Career Ave

New York, NY 10011

Dear Mr. Alvarez:

lam submitting my attached resume for consideration for the Radiology Technician position you have
advertised on your website.

My 5 year position with XYZ Company has allowed me to utiize and sharpen my skils in the following areas:
Receive and interpret requests and/or instructions for radiologic procedures
Protect patient's staff and environment from secondary radiation
‘Accurately record and maintain medical records; gain the cooperation of patients
‘Operate & maintain radiographic equipment; evaluate radiographs for technical quality
Exercise professional judgment in the performance of imaging procedures
Provide patient care essential to radiographic procedures

‘Strong knowledge of the function of the major divisions of the skeletal system and major organs; and
knowledge of the physical concept of energy and the property of X-rays and electric crcuts to perform
safe, quality diagnostic images and procedures.

‘As you can see I offer ABC Company excellent credentials and experience that will alow me to provide
superior service to your patients and medical professionals.

‘Thank you in advance for your time and consideration. Should you have any questions or require additional
Information, please contact me at your convenience.

Sincerely,

Jane A Jobseeker


eseme Raker KTR)
1000 Cookie Monster Road #537
Sesame Street, CA 95630
555-555-1234
www.website.com
John.Smith@website.com

DSN Mey Uae

PROFESSIONAL Lifelong animal lover with over 10 years’ experience working with animals as a
SUMMARY vet tech and ranch hand ona dairy ranch. Pursuing private practice work in
order to gain experience with a wide range of animals and clients.
SKILLS & ABILITIES * — Confident dealing with all kinds of animals, whether on a farm or in a
domestic environment

* — Excellent communicator and conversational Spanish speaker; trained
in interviewing clients, explaining treatment plans and holding
difficult conversations

* — Detail-oriented with experience maintaining animal health records
EXPERIENCE VET TECH, ALBERT ROSENFIELD VETERINARIAN
2009-2015

* — Carried out laboratory procedures including blood tests and X-rays

* — Sterilized equipment in preparation for surgeries and ensured animals remained calm
and comfortable

* Administered vaccinations and recorded animals’ vital statistics for clinic records

* Educated clients on how to administer medication at home

* Scheduled appointments and greeted customers, comforting animals and owners when
necessary in sensitive situations

RANCH HAND, COOPER FAMILY RANCH
2005-2009
* Monitored cows for signs of distress or ill health during milking
* Delivered calves and checked daily to ensure that mother cows and calves were healthy
and strong
*  Herded cattle indoors during inclement weather
* Completed various duties including feed delivery and tagging cattle

EDUCATION SCHOOL — LOCATION - QUALIFICATION

Graduated with an Associate’s degree in veterinary technology in 2008. Program certified by the
American Veterinary Medical Association

References Available Upon Request
Samantha Newbegin
177 Locust Street
Danvers, MA 01923
February 7, 2012

Darlene Bevan, Site Manager
Radiology Department
Salem Hospital

81 Highland Avenue

Salem, MA.01970

Dear Ms. Bevan,

1 am writing in response to the full-time Radiologic Technologist position that was,
recently advertised on the Partners Website. Lam currently a student at North Shore

Community College in the Radiologic ‘Technology Program, and will be graduating in
‘May. Enclosed is my resumé for your review:
Asindicated in my resumé, I will be graduating with an Associate of Science Degree in
Radiologic Technology in May 2012. ‘This program included a clinical internship that I
‘completed at Salem Hospital, which provided me with the opportunity to participate in
many radiologic examinations. Exams including; barium studies, general diagnostic
‘examinations, emergency examinations, pediatric examinations, C-arm procedures in the
operating room, and portable examinations, along with observations in Special
Procedures, Computed Tomography, and Magnetic Resonance Imaging. [ always work in
a diligent manor and stay organized while completing the necessary tasks. I provide
excellent patient care with all patients and give them the necessary time needed to
successfully complete the examination. [understand the value of collaborating with co-
workers as well as being an independent worker,

Tam available at your convenience and am eager to learn more about the position. Lean

be reached at 1-978-766-7240 or through email at senewhegin|4@verizon net to set up

an interview. ‘Thank you for your consideration; I look forward to hearing from you.
‘Spt pt

Samantha Newbegin


Patient Care Coordinator Cover Letter Sample

Catherine Manger
55 East Swan Street

Boston, MA 02109

Contact No: 111 ~321 4321

Email Id: catherinemanger@email.com

June 30, 2012

Danie! Hunts

Hiring Manager

Human Resource Department
Graham Hospital

Boston, MA 02109

Dear Mr, Hunts,

1 am writing this letter to express my interest on the opening position as Patient Care Coordinator in
your hospital. As I am informed from the advertisement on Boston Newspapers dated June 28, 2012,
the requirements that you seek from the candidate have been fulfilled successfully with my
qualifications. | fee! that I will be an excellent candidate for this position.

Ihave 4 years of experience working as Patient Care Coordinator with excellent track record. I have
gathered the knowledge and skills needed to be an exceptional Patient Care Coordinator. I have strong
analytical ability and able to gathering data skillfully. My interpersonal skill is also proven to be
beneficial for my line of duty. 1 have enclosed my resume for further review of my qualifications.
I would appreciate it if we could discuss about th
number soon. Thank you for your attention.

job vacancy in person, Please call me in my contact

Sincerely,
Catherine Manger

Pharmacy Cover Letter Example

Angelina Cartwright

827, Modlern Avenue

Miami, FL82619

“Telephone: (728) 287-1829

Email 1D: angetina.ci@ gmail.com
‘March 25", 2011

Greg Johnson

Las Angetes, CA 28010
Dear Me Johnsen,

| ain writing this eter fo express my interest in your advertisement published at “Florida Newspaper”
about pharmacist position. I woul like to apply this job. 1 sincerely want to oceupy this job for
‘expanding my experiences in pharmacy field

T have experienced in pharmacy firmore than seven years. I have worked as Pharmacist in GTY
Medicine Company. | was responsible to nuinage drugstore brunch in Pennsylvania. | kept medicine in
safe condition and snsiinod that the mavicine ts safe for eonaumption, | combined medicine according
to doctat’s prescription. | got good appreciation from my director because of my work prerformanice, |
have certified from National Phatrniacy Assaciation, [am sure that I ath an ideal candidate For your
somyuany,

tve good commninication skili that are important for this fob. am able to Work fn a team, Vhave
good organizational snd leadership skill. Lam exeetlont i combining medicine. My self-tiscipline will
be an advantage for your company.

1 wish ttt will yet opportunity a0 meet you for further selection. 1 enclosed nay resume for describing
my detailed expenence. You can contact me ut (728) 287-1824 or send an email to my email address.
Thank you for considering me forthe position.

Sincerety,

Angelina Cartwright


‘Sam Spartan
3835 Green Pon Road | Betnenem, PA 28020
610555560 | tamsparten!2@norhamoton ad
strong knowledge of veterinary procedures established through
‘combination of cncal experience, coursework, and two estemships,
proven communication and customer service sil
Associate of applied Science in Veterinary Technology | August 2016
Northampton Community College, Bethlehem, PA
‘© cumulate GPa: 3.97/40; Dean's ist: Fal 2026- spring 2016

Veterinary Technician Externship [summer 2086
Allentown animal cine, lantown, PA
‘+ Brapare patients for anesthesia and sugary
‘Asst veterinarian wth dental prophyans and radiographs
{Provide care for small animals and sxti animals.

Veterinary Technician Externship | Summer 2036
Walber animal Hospital, llentown, pA

‘© checkin patients through reception.

4+ Record patient heath histories

(asset with trestment of 10+ patents pr day.
4+ slngua: English and seanish
‘+ -stysarsof customer service experiance
1+ Proficient in wicrosof Office (Word, eee, Publisher)

Cashier | anuary 2015 ~ Present
Giant Food store, Bathlanem,P&

sales Associate | November 2009 December 2012
Walmart, easton, Pa


ACCOUNT MANAGER

your.name@gmail.com Ke 000) 00-100 Y 142 Your Address Blvd, City Name, CA XXXXX
[Today's Date]

[Hiring Manager's Name]
[341 Company Address]
[Palo Alto, California 94301]
[(.00x) 20%x-2000
[hiring.manager@gmail.com]

Dear [Hiring Manager's Name],

1am very interested in the Account Manager role at Valley Tech. After reading through the job
responsibilities, | believe my expertise and experience position me as a perfect candidate for this role. |
have at least ten years of experience in sales and consulting, proving my qualifications and background.

Ihave worked in sales since early in my career, and am knowledgeable in customer-relationship
management, sales quota, identifying consumer needs, and conducting quarterly reports. With this
background, | am well-experienced in attracting new clients, negotiating agreements, and giving
presentations to prospective customers. | made sure | provided excellent service for the best
experiences for my clients. In addition, my effective communication and negotiation skills have allowed
me to close deals with clients very efficiently, hitting quarterly quotas and exceeding sales regularly.

Asa previous Consultant at Legal Genius, | have had experience working with multiple clients and
projects at once. It was my job to make sure | developed a strong relationship with my clients, ensuring
understood their needs and was able to negotiate any arrangement. On a regular basis, | manage my
client requests, design new marketing strategies and proposals, and facilitate communication on my
team. | have been trained in understanding my clients and their businesses very well, addressing their
problems by proposing unique and innovative solutions. My role as a Consultant has proven my
effective verbal and written communication skills with clients, ability to maintain client relationships,
and capability in generating effective solutions on strict time-constraints.

With all the roles | have held, | have developed strong relationships with my clients and regularly
exceeded quotas. My ambitious attitude and dedication, along with my trained business background,
has allowed me to close deals effectively and manage my client relationships very well. | believe my
past clients and associates will be happy to speak on my accomplished performance. With my
outstanding skills an experience, | am committed to bringing the best for Valley Tech.

Thank you for your time. | look forward to discussing this further at an interview.

Sincerely,
[Your Name]
‘Attention: Incident Reports

NH Office of Biotechnology Activities
{6705 Rockledge Drive, Suite 750
Bethesda Maryland 20882-7985

(For al non USPS deliveries use Zip Code 20817)

Telephone 301-496-9838
Fax 301-496-9839

E-mait oba@od.nhgov

NIHOBA Incident Reporting Template
For reporting Human Gene Transfer Adverse Events a separate templateis available at:
http:lobaod:nih.gowobalraciAdverse Event Templete-pat
Does Tis HCWent TivOWe TeSearoH SUBRECT
tothe NIM Guidelines?

YES NO
If no, this incident does not have to be reported to
OBA
Tretiution name:
Date of repart
Reporter name and postion:
Reporter telephone:
Reporter ema
Reporter maling agaress:
Date of incident
‘Name of principal mvestigatar
Ts this an NIH funded project?

YES_NO
Tryes, please provide:

NI grantor contract number
NF funding insttute or center:
TN program officer contact information (rams,
email ete
Whatwas the nature of Rent?
fe che ecu lone Tote

Personnel Exposure
Spill

Loss of containment

Loss of transgenic animal

Failure to obtain IBC approval

Failure to follow approved containment conditions
Other - please describe:
Anesthesia Technician Resume

Greg Dennis
812 Robinson Switch Rd
Santa Monica, CA 90405,
(444)-123-1234
g.dennis@emailaddress.com

Objective: Position as an Anesthesia Technician that will allow me to utilize both my extensive
technical and customer service experience.

‘Summary of Skills:

Deep knowledge of techniques needed to diagnose and treat human injuitieS;diseases, and
deformities

In-depth knowledge of anesthetic tech
‘Sound knowledge of aseptic and sterile techniques

Excellent life saving skills and decision making ability

Strong physical abilities to lift, stand, to push, pull, kneel, féach'overhead for prolonged periods
Outstanding ability to establish and maintain good Working relationships with other members of the

health care team
i
Amazing capability to work in stressful circumstances,

Work Experience:
Anesthesia Technician, August 2005 to till date,
CyberCoders Healthcare, Santa'Monica, CA
Arranged anesthetizing locations to indicate process and set up

monitoring devices.

Assisted anesthesia Suppliers to apply sterilized methods with invasive and non-invasive patients.
Methodized in’ airway management techniques such as emergency methods and local anesthesia
techniques.

Followed infection control procedures to maintain cleanliness of anesthesia apparatus and
monitors

‘Anesthesia Technician, May 2000 to July 2005
Hospital of the University of Penn sylvan, Santa Monica, CA

Maintained sufficient supply stock in emergency code blue boxes, provincial anesthesia carts, etc.
Monitored patient condition and related support systems in hospitals.

Education:

Bachelor's Degree in Health Science, Ashland Community College, Ashland, KY
Highly proficient Electrician eager to contribute technical expertise as well
a strong project management, leadership and analytical skills toward
actively supporting a progressive organization in achieving objectives as a
key team member,
PROFILE
Offer 20 years’ experience as an Electrician with expertise in:
+ Major Electrical Distribution Systems + Facilities Control Systems and Equipment
+ Emergency and Routine Repairs Troubleshooting
“ Upgrades + Scheduled and Non-Scheduled Maintenance
+ Compliance Inspections + Shift Management
+All Electrical Test Equipment + PSpice Circuit Modeling Software
* AutoCAD Drafting Software + Microsoft Excel and Word

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Progress Tech Systems - City, ST 2004-Present

Shift E€d Electrician

+ Proficiently manage 7200 Volt electrical distribution system emergency and routine repairs, adjustments, upgrades,
and preventive maintenance for a 2.5K acre United States Navy base.

+ Oversee related electrical power lighting and control systems maintenance.

+ Demonstrate extensive technical skills in operating diverse electrical equipment and tools ranging from derrick
truck and power quality monitoring equipment to oscilloscopes and voltmeters.

inkaametal, Inc.- City, ST 1998-2005
R&D Technician/Toolmaker (2002-2005)

Electrician/Maintenance Technician (1998-2002)

litated electrical repairs and maintenance crucial to optimizing productivity of a global
+ Fa
engineering/manufacturing company.

Pacific-Inland, Inc. City, ST 1993-2004

Electrical Inspector

+ Applied industry expertise toward conducting inspections of electrical installations to ensure regulatory
compliance with National Electrical Code and individual utility standards.

+ Facilitated productive relationships with contractors, property owners and utility companies in achieving
compliance objectives.

Jameson of Berlin - City, ST 1985-1998

Maintenance Electrician
+ Performed comprehensive electrical troubleshooting, repairs and maintenance for division of Birds Eye Foods.

EDUCATION
‘AsmaSalman Dar
iLcom

February 12, 2016

Dear Hiring Manager,

am seeking the opportunity to apply myself to the position of Laboratory
Technician in your company to enable me to capitalise on my experience whilst
allowing me to progress in my career as a Laboratory Technician.

‘As my resumereflects, | have 5 years of experience as a Laboratory Assistant. My
education and professional experience have honed strong ability for
implementing laboratory procedures, increasing my ability to synthesise
information to solve complex laboratory issues swiftly and independently. | have
also honed good interpersonal, communication and organizational skills while
working at both Welcome Company and Abbot Ltd.

I believe | am suitable for the position because! wishto utilise well developed
skills | have amassed and learn new ones for long-term aspirations asa Laboratory
Technician. | perform to the highest of standards and will be a strong contributing,
member of your organization.

‘Thank you for yourtime and consideration. Myresum

(905) 824-7902 305
asmasalmandar@hotma e is enclosed for your review.
Sincerely yours,
(Signature)
Cell: 647-853-0

‘Asma Salman
Your Name |

Your Addre:

Your Git, State Zip Code
four Phone Numi

Your Ema Addrese,

Date
To whom it may concem:

| would ke fo recommend Murie! Mackensie as a candidate fora poston with
your organization. in her position as Adminstrative Assistant, Muriel w.

employed in our office from 2004 - 2008.

Muriel did an excellent job in his postion and was an asset fo our organization
during her tenure with the office. She has excellent written and ver

omfunication stile is extremely organized, can work independent, and is
able to effectly mult-task to ensure that all projects are completed in a timely

‘Muriel was always willing to offer her assistance and had an excellent rapport

the many constituents served by cur office including clients, employers,
and other professional organizations. She would be an asset to any employer
and | recommend her for any endeavor she chooses {o pursue.

Yours truly,

Harduritten Signature (mailed letter)

Typed Signature
-_A GRADUATE COVER LETTER EXAMPLE

Mr. John Wilson

Personnel Director

Anderson Construction Compan’
3507 Rockville Pike

Rockville, MD 20895
Dear Mr. Wilson:

Tread in the March 24th Washington Post classified section of your need for a Civil Engineer or Building Construction graduate for one of
your Washington, DC, area sites. I will be retuming to the Washington area after graduation in May and believe that I have thenecessary
credentials for the project

Thave worked at various levels in the construction industry every summer since the Sth grade. As you can see from my resume, I worked

several summers as a general laborer, gradually moved up to a carpenter, and last summer I worked as assistant construction manager on 2
100 million dollar job

Inaddition to this practical experience, I will complete requirements for my Building Construction degree in May. As you may know,
Virginia Tech is one of the few universities in the country that offers such a specialized degree for the construction industry. I am confident
that my Building Construction degree, along with my years of construction industry experience, make me an excellent candidate for your job:
The Anderson Construction Company projects are familiar to me, and my aspiration is to work for a company that has your excellent
reputation. I would welcome the opportunity to interview with you. Iwill be in the Washington area during the week of April 12th and
would be available to speak with you at that time. In thenext week to ten days will contact you to answer any questions you may have.
Thank you for your consideration

Sincerely,

handwritten signature)

Steve Mason

Enclosure
Sophia Stewart

1820 Garnet Ave.
San Diego, CA 92109
(619) 558 - 0983

(619) 893 - 9821
s.steward@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE
To achieve the position of Visual Basic Developer in a major and well-oriented company.
SKILLS

In-depth knowledge of software development specialized in Visual Basic
More than seven years of experience as @ developer

Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills

Familiar with the hardware part as electric circuit boards, processors, chips. etc

COMPUTER SKILLS

Languages: Visual Basic 6.0. NET. HTML. Java. C++ and Power Builder
Operating Systems: Windows. MSIDOS. UNIX. LINUX: Windows NT Server

Database Administrator and Others: Microsoft Ofice. Microsoft SQL Server. Oracle, Cristal Report
Rational Rose. etc

EXPERIENCE

Software Developer
Technology Solution industries, San Diego, CA
2010 — Present

» Visit the client to analyze his/her needs and requirements:

* Select the mathematical and/or computer techniques that will provide the appropriate solution to
these needs.

Use diagrams ta show the flow of information

Develop appropriate algorithms

Convert the algorithms into a computer language

Teach the users of the applications how to use it

Create a Database with SQL and keep it updated

Developer
Direct Tech Industries, San Diego, CA
2005 — 2009


‘Tosays Date Good Cover Letter Example

Mea President, Marketing
tae Sana
‘The opaning paragraph should arouse the intrest of the employer. State why you are writing ana
give information to show your interest io ths specie erganiaton_ fits alater st appleaion,
Sone the postion lor whch You ara applying ad aw you Rear ol
{ualiizationsn ths tel, especialy thoee that meet the joo deeipion or requremente
Rete he reader to your general qualiieations on yout enclosed resume, Highight important points
‘rom your resume. leo ighight points tha wil be ol partoular interest tothe specie

‘The oesng paragraph shoul pave te may fr tent by ating or an appt or by
Immediate and favera6e Yop
Sincerely

Koen Jeurs

aren Eons

Eneloure (you are nating that you have enlaced your resume)

COMPARING GOOD & BAD COVER LETTERS.

Review each ltter very carey ae you ave an employer sereening applicants
“he anawere ana commentary are given the ast page
Data Entry Sample Resume

Amy Smith

123 Main Street
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
Home: (555) 555-1234
Cell: (555) 555-1235
Objective

Seeking a position as a data entry clerk with a strong, forward thinking
company.

Summary of Qualifications

Over ten years of related experience. Familiar with a variety of software
including WordPerfect Office, Microsoft Office, Lotus 1-2-3, FoxPro, and
Excel. Proficient in web development with various programs including HTML
coding, HotMetal Pro, DreamWeaver, Cold Fusion

Employment History

CTI Systems, Portsmouth, NH

Receptionist/Data Entry, 1998 - Present

Verified accuracy of data, compiled spreadsheets by combining data from
various systems.
Concord Art Supplies, Concord, NH

Customer Service Representative, 1994 - 1998

Prepared daily sales orders and invoices. Handled sales calls and follow ups
to pursue and develop new accounts. Managed a marketing budget of $5000
per month.

Education

A.A., Business Administration, 1994
Concord Community College, Concord, NH
1905 Review Lane
Duhtl MIN 55800
November 22, 2005,

Ms. Tamara Waiter
Senior Eder
‘Basal Publications
1555 Bookbinder Road
Midrest, MI e019

Dest Ms. Waiter:

would Hketobe atedmical waiter ov an edior for AnimalPublications, Your advatisement in
the Midwest Gaze cn Sunday, November 1, 2005 for an Editral Assistant caught we eye. My
advisor, Dr. Noman Manmal ofthe Biology Department tthe University of Minnesota Duluth,
‘nflnsiastizally promoted your ecnpany tome as hellyvespected in the animal bbavicr publics-
‘ions fild, Please sccopt this Ite and enclosed resume asa application fx the advetised posi-
tion

I will graduate ftoanthe Univensy of Mimtesota Duhth in May 2006, with a Bachelor af Ast with
amajrs in Bibogy and English, As the advatisoment ated, the postion mune: waiting and edt-
ing experince a well as geveal sciatic lnowledge. My poutfolis and the enclosed vesune
cotta eridence of experiences, Asan editorial azsstant inter forthe Nbvehern Wile
‘Magarive in Dubith, I pcofed tent befbte t want ino the magazine and wate chat coaibtions
ta two regular magazine depaatmets, Talso edited vaxiouspenpkasal plications, Copies of ny
aewspaper atlas ae available, showing my lnowledge ofthe animal and scientific words, as
‘well as the vaiey and depth of my assignments.

‘The possilty of working for Animal Publications as an editorial assistant is personally vexy
exciimg. [am availible fo anirteview at your catenin to eview my pastfln and talk about
career oppoatuniies at dntinal Publiestime, You may contact me or leave amessage at

e-mail cpuna@d unm edu ortelephone 218-720-0000,

“Thank you for your time and consideration. Task Savard to hearing fom you soom.

Sincerely,

CatolPamaencbane

Highlights
Experience
bile
‘Technical Support Specialist (PDA)
fandiseasytounds
mers Whe eperted product
fons, quality and trainin:
Dana McDermott
7028 Klocko Fields, San Francisco, CA @ Phone: +1 (555) 208 0608
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

LEAD SURGICAL TECHNICIAN
Detroit, MI
03/2014 — present
‘© Quality Improvement: Strives for high quality performance and takes initiative to make improvements
and deliver results
+ Participates in performance improvement activities
+ Applies principles of safety in performance of responsibilities
‘* Assumes responsibility for the efficient management of patients including but not limited to the
‘management of surgical cases
‘+ Assist surgeon during operative and invasive procedures
‘+ Provides direct patient care to infant through geriatric patients
‘© Assist with the positioning and prepping of the patient,
CERTIFIED SURGICAL TECHNICIAN

‘San Francisco, CA
04/2007 — 12/2013

‘* Assists in preparing the operative suite for surgery by checking and gathering supplies, equipment, and
instruments

‘+ Demonstrates/models the Network's Service Excellence Standards of Performance in interactions with all

customers (internal and external)

Performs basic patient care with consideration for age and developmental stage

Functions as a role model and resource person providing guidance to coworkers

‘Complies with established chain of command for work related problems

Under general supervision, performs nursing work related to the care and treatment of the patients in the

operating room

‘+ Follows afternoon assignment schedule informing Nurse Manager/ or designee nurse of any work not
completed

SURGICAL TECHNICIAN
Dallas, TX
01/2003 - 01/2007
‘* Assists the surgeon by providing visualization of the surgical wound and assists with wound closure and
application of sterile dressings
‘+ Identifies and assists with opportunities for performance improvement activities on the unit and with
other service areas
‘* Participates on teams created to improve outcome quality through process improvement and team
technologies
‘* Anticipates changes and makes adjustments in case preparation according to variations in procedures
performed
+ Actively participate in providing 2 in-services per year at unit or service level. In-services are approved by
the Manager prior to presentation
+ Assists surgeon as scrub technician according to prescribed standards. Scrubs and dones gown and gloves
accordance with performance standards
+ Provides physical assistance for patient positioning, lifting and, moving as directed by clinical nursing
staff
NORTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY
Bachelor’s Degree in Physician

+ Ability to work in high volume environment under stressful situations requiring quick action and

adaptability to rapid change and response

Strong attention to detail

Excellent professional customer service skills and communication both verbal and written

Reads and writes Basic English with the basic skills necessary to transcribe physician's orders

Self motivated and able to function without Direct Supervision while maintaining accountability for

Performance

‘Strong clinical skills and knowledge

‘+ Knowledge of basic anatomy, physiology, operating room and patient safety, body substance isolation,
and medical terminology

+ Ability to follow detailed instructions

+ Personal attributes such as good judgment, dependability and initiative are necessary

« KNOWLEDGE OF CLEANING, STERILIZING, AND PACKING OF REUSABLE MEDICAL
EBC,

Mr Akira Tamura,
Director

Entry and Status Division
Immigration Bureau
Ministry of Justice
Dear Mr. Tamura,

‘The European Business Council in Japan (EBC) appreciates the close dialogue on visa and re-entry permit policies
over past years with the Ministry of Justice and with this letter, would like to draw your attention to the concern of
our members relating to the revised Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Act due to be implemented on

November 20, 2007. We believe thatthe introduction of mandatory fingerprinting and photographing of foreigners
entering and re-entering Japan must be conducted in such a way that it does not adversely affect foreign residents,

businessmen and companies in Japan,
‘The EBC has also recently been working closely with the Austrian and New Zealand Chamber of Commerce in
Japan (ANZCCJ) in relation to this matter. The ANZCCJ concur with the views and suggestions of the EBC in

relation to the upcoming changes.

Both the EBC and ANZCCJ fully supports the introduction of a new electronic system through which pre-registration
‘of biological data into the system will allow Japanese citizens and foreign residents alike to use a semi-automatic re-
entry process when returning to Japan. We regret, however, that this system will be available only ai Narita Airport
initially and unge the Ministry to introduce semi-automatic gates at all international airports in Japan without delay.

‘The EBC and ANZCCJ appreciates the oral commitment by the Ministry that special Lines atthe immigration counter
‘ill be established for foreign residents (re-entry permit holders) who cannot use the semi-automatic gates, separate
from the general lines for foreign tourists and other iregular visitors to Japan. Since the semi-automatic gates are not
yet established at all intemational airports and oral instructions from the Ministry can be easily overlooked, the EBC
‘and ANZCCJ urges the Ministry to circulate a notification clarifying to al! immigration bureaus in Japan about the
need to establish a separate line for foreign residents (re-entry permit holders).
As you certainly arc aware, foreign residents (re-entry permit holders) are currently allowed to line up together with
Japanese citizens when re-entering Japan, an appreciated and effective system which is granting smooth entry.
Suddenly, grouping long-term residents and taxpayers in Japan with occasional visitors risks creating excessive
<dclays for frequent business travelers and imposing unacceptable costs on businesses that are heavily reliant on the
efficient and rapid mobility of executives

‘The EBC greally values discussions withthe Ministry of Justice and trusts that you will make public clear
{information on how the regulatory changes affect forcign residents, as our members arc becoming increasingly
cconcemed and the time for implementation is rapidly approaching. The ANZCC3 concurs with and strongly supports
this request to the Ministry of Justice.

‘Yours sincerely, 2

Richard Collasse Tim LestS?

Chairman Chairman

Buropean Business Council in Japan ‘Australian and New Zealand
‘Chamber of Commerce in Japan

ce:
Mr Kazuyoshi Matsunaga,
Director,

Foreign Nationals’ Affairs Division
Consular Affairs Bureau

Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Sanbencto POULA Bldg, 2F, 67 Sanbancho, Chiyadsck Tokyo 102-0075; Tes3-3263.6222 Fax: 0-1263-8223; E-mail ebe@igol com; Web:hip://www:ebe-j, com
Name
124 76th Street

Towerville, New York 13180
January 15, 2012

Mr. John P. Small
Recruiting Coordinator
‘AcmeTech Corporation

14 Patriot Avenue
BBigtown, New York 10082

Dear Mr, Small

‘As an experienced computer programmer who is presently pursuing a master's degree in electrical
engineering at Ivy League Polytechnic Institute, | am writing to request information about possible
summer employment opportunities with AcmeTech. | am interested in a position that will allow me to
Combine the talents | have developed in both computer programming and electrical

engineering. However, as you can see from the attached resume, | have extensive experience in many
related fields, and | always enjoy new challenges,

| fee! that its important for me to maintain a practical, real-world perspective while developing my
‘academic abilties. | am proud ofthe fact that | have financed my entire education through scholarships
and summer jobs related to my field of study. This work experience has enhanced my appreciation for
the education | am pursuing. | find that | learn as much from my summer jobs as | do from my academic
studies. For example, during the summer of 1986, while working for IBM in Palmvile, Florida, | gained a
‘great deal of practical experience in the field of electronic circuit logic and driver design. When I returned
{0 schoo! in the fall and took Computer Hardware Design, | found that my experience with IBM had
thoroughly prepared me forthe subject.

Having said all his, | realize that your frst consideration in hiring an applicant must not be the potential
educational experience AcmeTech can provide, but the skils and services the applicant has to offer. |
hope the experience and education described in my resume suggest how | might be of service to
‘AcmeTech

| welcome the opportunity to discuss with you how | might best assist AcmeTech in fulfiling its present
corporate needs. | wil be available for employment from May 14 through August 31, 2012. Please let me
know what summer employment opportunities are available at AcmeTech for someone with my
education, experience, and interests. You can reach me by phone at (518) 555-7450.

‘Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely yours,

Joan Gardner
Sample Resume
Jane M, Doe, A.S., R.TARMMARRT),

1234 Windy Drive, Little Falls. LA $8585
Ite: ($58) 858-5585

we

jmd26%¢ aol.com
Summary Statement:
Strong background in mammography with a focus on quality control and manay
ment
Licensures and Certifications:
American R
American R
try of Radiologie Technologists, Mammography 1997
iphy 1992
stistry of Radiologic Technologists, Radiog

Education:
Mammography Seminar, 1997: Attended three-day mammography seminar sponsored by
Mammography Quality Seminars, Covered didactic and clinical experience
Radiologic Technologist, 1992, Conapleted two-year certificate program, Little Falls
‘Community College
Employment History:
2001 ~ present: Senior Mammographer, Breast Imaging Clinic, St. Mary’ Medical Center,
Linle Falls, LA. Mammogtapher, Responsible for staffing, patient scheduling, and QC activities
for a department of six mammographers. Assisted in conversion from film-screen ens ronment 10
digital imaging.
1997 — 2001: Mammographer, Breast Imaging Clinic, St. Mary's Medical Center, Little Falls,
LA. Performed sereening and diagnostic mammograms in clinic affiliated with teaching hospital
1992 ~ 1997: Staff Radiographer, Orthopedic Associates, Little Falls, LA. Produce radiographs
(mostly musculoskeletal) for practive run by several physicians, In 1996, also assisted consulting
physicists with QC on all radiographic equipment, Did some CT work
Publications, Papers, or Workshops Presented:
© Women’s Health Workshops, 1999 present. Teach three-hour community education
seminars on breast screening and bone der

© Have written thn
Presented aon
itometry
¢ artigleveditorials for Joval newspaper on mammography and breast health
our lecture on mammography QC at Louisiana State Society
Professional Affiliations:

American Society of Radiologie Technologists
Society of Breast Imaging
Louisiana State Society of Radiotogie Technolo
ists

Other:
Chapter delegate for State of Louisiana
St. Mary's Medieal Center Humanitarian Award 2001

 
JOHN DOE

T Main Steat, Denver, CO 99999 | (000) 609-0000 | Wr 00) 090-0000 | example@emaicor
22 October, 2010

Company Name
22 Secone Avenue
New York, NY 00000
339-338-833
‘company@email.com

Would you lke your Technical Support Specialist to be someone who has provided years of
expert Gdvice on desktop, laptop, and mobile suppor issues Someone wno has a song
customer service background and extensive hardware and software knowlege? Someone with
the experience and crive needed to maintain a high volume of repair calls in @ fast-paced
envionment? Someone with excellent troubleshooting sks? Ihave tne experience, knowledge,
‘ang abilities that would enable me to make a strong, postive impact fo your technical support
needs.

My experience is spit across both in-person and call center technical support, solcan serve
customers face-to-face anc remotely with ease. | om extensively experienced in both Windows
and Mac operating systems, have working knowledge of several programming languages.
understand hardware issues, and know how to debug software problems. lam currently pursuing
my CompTlA+ ceriiication, which | expect wil be complete within the next month,

 
Required cover letter formats

Tech Medium-sized Fast-growing
fenkelanws) companies startups

| | aKeb aa madame
Piensa setter MiP)

| | Plain written text or an attached file
The percentage of tech companies
that require a cover letter

Tech Medium-sized Fast-growing
giants companies startups
Richard C, Torres
379, Duke Lane

Trenton, New Jersey 52610
United States

201-963-5478
Richards.torres @freemail.com

Date: March 30, 2012
To

Derek E. Barnes
Recruitment Manager
Vitalife Veterinary Clinie
3713, Moonlight Drive
Trenton, New lersey 526
Derek.eb@freemail.com
Dear Mr, Barnes,
| am writing this application in reference to the advertisement in the City Tribunal, which states that

there is a requirement of a Veterinary Technician at Vitalife Veterinary Clinic, 1am interested to
‘work in this position and would like you to introduce myself and my qualifications For this job,
I completed my education with an Associate Degree in Veterinary Healthcare from New J
Medical University. Since then, Ihave been working at Trenton Health and Research Institute, My
primary work responsibilities include the administrative tasks and supporting the veterinary doctors
in checkups, operations, and administering medicines to the animals admitted in the institute
Being passionate for the wildlife, | find this to he the most rewarding job which helps me to spend
most of my time with animals,

Please find my resume and photocopies of credentials and do let me know a day’ or two in advance
if you fix an interview. Iam grateful that you considered my application. Awaiting a positive
response,
Sincerely yours,
Richard C. Torres
(Signaturey
Enclosed:

Resume
Photocopies of Credentials
a
MICAH WOLF

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.com
Dear Mr. Soares,

Asa highly skilled SQL Database Developer and Administrator, | read your posting for a new
Database Administrator with interest. My experience aligns well with the qualifications you are
seeking at Soares Software, in particular my role as Database Administrator with GCS
Technology, and | am certain | would make a valuable addition to your organization.

With more than 10 years experience in database development and administration, | am adept in
performance tuning and optimization, creating customized solutions, and maintaining high
standards of development. Moreover, while my on-the-job experience has afforded me a well-
rounded skill set, including first-rate problem solving and collaboration skills, | excel at:

Managing database performance and ongoing optimization projects.
Developing effective query and reporting solutions.

Resolving database performance issues and improving overall performance.
Working directly with customers to determine database requirements, plan project
scopes, and schedule milestones for completion.

In addition to my experience and personal qualities, | have a solid educational foundation and a
passion for customer service. | am extremely enthusiastic about Soares Software's focus on
educational software solutions and would welcome the opportunity to contribute to your
continued growth.

Please review my attached resume for additional details regarding my expertise and career
achievements. | will follow up to request an appointment to discuss how my experience and
background meets your needs.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Micah Wolf
ELLIOT MALONE

T Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C:(555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.com
Dear Ms. Billings,

I write in response to your ad seeking an experienced Technical Support Representative at BTS
Computers. As a highly competent Technical Suppor! Representative, | would bring a service-
focused and hard-working altitude to this role.

In my current position, I maintain an efficient and high-performing attitude while providing
consumer technical support services for business and individual clients. | have a knack for problem
solving and work well independently and with lil!le oversight. |am organized, proactive, and
committed to quality.
lama self-starter and excel at telephone support, documentation, and relationship management.
1am familiar with diverse PC systems and support protocols, and learn new procedures quickly. As
a part of the team at BTS Computers, | hope to support and enhance your customer service goals.

My resume and references are attached. Please feel free to contact me at your earliest
convenience.

Sincerely,

Elliot Malone
Elliot Malone

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell: (555) 322-7337
‘example-email@example.com
Dear Ms. Billings,

I write in response to your ad seeking an experienced Technical Support Representative at BTS
Computers, As a highly competent Technical Support Representative, I would bring a service-focused
and hard-working attitude to this role.

In my current position, I maintain an efficient and high-performing attitude while providing consumer
technical support services for business and individual clients. I have a knack for problem solving and
work well independently and with little oversight. I am organized, proactive, and committed to
quality.

Tam a self-starter and excel at telephone support, documentation, and relationship management. I
‘am familiar with diverse PC systems and support protocols, and learn new procedures quickly. As a
part of the team at BTS Computers, I hope to support and enhance your customer service goals.

My resume and references are attached. Please feel free to contact me at your earliest convenience.

Sincerely,

Elliot Malone
SaaS SSS
CRAIG PAUL

1 Main Street, New Cityiand, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 example-email@example.com
Dear Mr. Walker,

‘sa highly skilled Computer Repair Technician, | read your posting for anew Computer Repair Technician with
interest. My experience aligns well with the qualifications you are seeking a Walker Computer Repair, paticlar my
role as Computer Repair Technician with PerfectServe, and | am certain | would make a valuable aditon to your
team.
‘With more than five years’ experience as a Computer Repair Technician, | am adept in diagnosing issues, breaking
down systems, and completing high-quality repairs. Moreover, while my on-the-job experience has afforded me a well-
rounded skill set, including first-rate organization and troubleshooting skils, | excel at:

‘+ Consulting with customers to quickly determine problems as well as future computer needs.
‘+ Performing repairs quickly, correctly, and ethically.

‘+ Disassembling systems and rebuilding or building new ones,

‘+ Troubleshooting both hardware and software issues.

In addition to my experience and personal qualities, | have am a CompTIA A+ Certified Service Technician and
committed to providing first-rate service. Please review my attached resume for additional details regarding my
expertise and career achievements. | will follow up to request an appointment to discuss how my experience and
background meets your needs.

‘Thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,

Craig Paul
SAMPLE COVER LETTER: CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE,

No. 421 Dong Ling
Beijing 000000
July 4, 2000
Mr. XXXXXXXXX
Manager of Human Resources
XXXXXXXXX Ine,

No. 102 Dong An Street
Beijing 000000

Dear Mr. XXX:
I would like to be considered for a position as your customer service represent
Beijing, I have read a report in the latest Far East Business Review which describes

how your company helped several small companies in China establish advanced
network communication systems. Iam deeply impressed by your excellent services,

and I want to join one of your worldwide service teams.

Tam a recent MBA graduate specializing in marketing to industrial customers. Lam
now completing my one-year internship at ABC Inc. asa market analyst, Enclosed is

my resume and a list of refi
I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss my qualifications with you, Could you

arrange an interview with me? L will call you on Thursday morning, July 10,

Sincerely

[signature]

[name]

Enclosure: Resume
From
Lorenzo Hastings

4314, Johnson Street

New Jersey, New York, USA
(627) 261 2414

Celt no, (231) 525 2521
lorenzohastings@chainmail.com

To
Henry Wyatt

Human Resources

Crupp Software Ltd

72, Kindle Road

New Jersey, New York, USA

Dear Mr. Wyatt,

I came to know from Jessica Storm of the marketing department that the position of technical support specialist
has recently opened up in your company, I am interested in working for a prestigious company as yours and
hence, I sending my resume as well with this fetter.

[ have a vast experience of five years in this field. {joined Robust Software as a technical support analyst and
after two years, and after impressing the management by my work, I was promoted to the position of technical
support specialist. { provided technical support to all the officials of the company. I did most of the trouble
shooting for ali the systems and ensured no work was delayed,

[ was in charge for computer systems and networking systems. Installation and updating on new software was
also under my care, I regularly reviewed the systems so there would be no problems in their functioning. As the
specialist, bringing in new equipment for the office was also my responsiblity. I am good at handling teams of
analyst and have an efficient pace of working.

I can handle many more responsibilities in your company if you chose me for the job after the interview. I
would be available for the interview at whichever convenient date you chose, Thank you.

Sincere regards,
Lorenzo Hastings

Enclosures:

1. Photocopy of resume
2. Photocopy of experience
Recruiter
Human Resources

|

August 17, 209
To the Human Resources recruiter and search committee:

RE: TECHLIB

| am writing to express my interest in the Technical Services Librarian ps
Library that was posted on the

website. Although the applicant review process has already begun, as the position is

open until filled, and my level of interest is high, | am submitting my resume for your

consideration.

| am a recent Master of Library and Information Science (MLIS) graduate of the |

School of Library and Information Science (SLIS) where a
significant portion of my academic focus was on technical services. The Technical
Services Librarian position is of particular interest to me because | am well suited to
providing library technical services due to my meticulous attention to detail and capacity
for abstract thinking. At the same time, | enjoy working with and for people, and have
extensive experience working with the public. My appreciation for the big picture, and
recognition that public services and technical services are intimately related, motivate
me to provide quality technical services such as cataloging and other metadata
management in order to best enable discovery and access to information resources. |
offer a customer-centric approach to technical services developed from experience and
learning that is well balanced between both technical and public services.

As part of my MLIS coursework at i SLIS, | have received training in technical

services as well as public services. Technical service courses include J
which have given me a

strong background in metadata management, including familiarity with MARC 21
bibliographic format, AACR2R, RDA, Library of Congress Classification, Library of

Congress Subject Headings, and database maintenance. Public service courses include
ee which

provided 1) insight into models of information retrieval with an emphasis on a customer-
focused approach allowing for users to pursue self-directed paths of inquiry; 2) methods
for enabling discovery and access through quality reference service; and 3) expertise in
online searching using a number of academic and professional database resources.
Additionally, coursework in collection management, digitization and digital preservation
provided me with a background in collection development, be it in traditional print
formats or digital formats for existing and emerging technology. Finally, coursework in
management of information organizations has given me a background in library
management and university governance.
2010 Mustang Lane
Leesburg, FL 34748
December 11,2013

‘Mr. James Goss
Patient Care, Inc.
345 Main Sireet.
(Ocala, FL 34873

Dear Mr. Goss:

| am very intrested inthe position of Naming Asistantthat you have averse in the Orlando [Gammon ies aaomateyreve

Sentinel arenes ntpout mony hana hot

‘have qualifications in oice management and medical assing and hae just recived my
Patent Care Technician certificate fom Lake Technical Center fel that Lam an exellent
cancdats fr ths postion as have the bstomer service experience andthe medial background
that you desire|

Please see my knclosed resume|which shows more of my qualifications and work history. I
‘would like to discus what I could do for your company during an interview. Please contact me
via telephone at (352) 787-5456 or e-mail me at asheva®yano0 cam,
Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Ashley Gonzalez

Enclosure: Resume
December 6, 2014

Mr. Jim Lincoln

Google

1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain View, CA 94043

Dear Mr. Lincoln:

Your advertisement for an entry-level, software engineer in site reliability at the Google
Web site caught my attention. I believe that my software design and cloud-computing
experience, and my creativity and strong problem-solving, interpersonal, and
communication skills make me an excellent candidate for the position.

I recently earned a master’s degree in computer science (Mobile and Internet Computing
Track) from Stanford University. I am a student member of the Association for Women
in Computing. I also served as a Google Student Ambassador while in college. In the
summer of 2011, I participated in an internship with Amazon in which I obtained
experience in programming (C++, Java, and Python), Unix/Linux environments, and
cloud computing. Because of this experience, I believe I will be able to make an
immediate contribution to Google. I have enclosed my résumé, which details my
qualifications and provides more information on how I might be an asset to Google.

Iwill contact you shortly to see if you have received my application materials and to
request a face-to-face meeting. Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Jane Moore

1414 West Wilson

Seattle, WA 98105

Tel: 206-555-1212

E-mail: jmoore@anymail.com,
free

J@B

Victoria Smith

Example covering letter

75 New Road
Lincoln
LN2 BAE
vysmith@hotmail.com

10” September 2010 07812 623542

Me A Smith

HR Manager

‘TM Retail Ltd
123 Tritton Road
Lincotn

LNB 2RT.

Dear Mir Smith
Ref: ST123 Part-time Shop Assistant

1am writing to apply for the above position which | saw advertised on the
Student Job Shop website. | have enclosed a copy of my CV and would be
grateful if you would consider my application.

| am currently studying Journalism at the University of Lincoln and am
looking for part time work to fit in with my studies, 1 am extremely
interested in the position as | enjoy working with people and have previous
experience of working in a customer service role. | am highly numerate,
computer literate and am able to learn and adapt quickly to new tasks.

am aware that you are one of the largest retail outlets in Lincoln and | am
keen to work for a fashion retailer with an exciting range of clothes for all
age groups.

Thank you for considering my application. 1 would be grateful for the
opportunity to discuss the position further.

‘Yours sincerely

Victoria Smith
Quality Assurance Technician Resume

Amanda Perkins

5823 Sycamore Ave

Grand Blanc, MI 48439
(444)-123-1234
a.moore@emailaddress.com

Objective: To obtain the Quality Assurance Technician positions which will challenge me and help
the organization continue to be successful.

Summary of Skills:

Certified Quality Assurance Technician and extensive experience of project management
Sound knowledge of equipment validation requirements

Good knowledge of graph scheming techniques

Amazing ability to interpret engineering drawings

Work Experience:

Quality Assurance Technician

Akorn, Inc., Grand Blanc, Ml

August 2005 to till date

Prepared standard test reports by analyzing.collected data on specific

Rooted Qualitvass
Assisted in gathering data and analysis for constant quality improvements
Operated optical comparing and measuring instruments to analyze any
fault.

Calibrated gauges and test equipment according to calibration
procedures.

Maintained and performed work as per quality and ecological standards.
Quality Assurance Technician

Dwyer Instruments, Inc, Grand Blanc, Ml

May 2000 to July 2005

Analyzed test data and coordinated with administrator.

Maintained finished products storage area.

Verified and released raw materials and refined goods.

Assisted in maintaining manufacturing and shipping schedules.
Examined batch records as needed.

Audited and inspected operations and revised SOPs.
Lrance

Education:

High School Diploma
Byron High School, Byron, MN
December 6, 2014

Ms. Mary Wilson

Fitwear International

3600 North Southport Avenue
Chicago, IL 60613

Dear Ms. Wilson:

Your advertisement for an e-commerce marketing director caught my eye. I have 10
years of e-commerce experience at Eldstrom, a top 10 U.S. sportswear manufacturer, and
have a strong record of growing online revenue, managing multimillion-dollar budgets,
and significantly increasing customer click-through and e-mail open rates.

Thave an MBA in marketing from DePaul University, and I have continued to update my
professional skills by earning certification from the American Marketing Association,
eMarketing Association, and the Internet Marketing Association. I have enclosed my
résumé, which details my qualifications and provides more information on how I might
be an asset to your company.

Iwill contact you shortly to see if you have received my application materials and to
request an interview. Thank you.

Sincerely,

David Bexley
200 West Jackson Boulevard
Chicago, IL 60613

555-1212
dbexley@anymail.com

  
TE R. WILLIAMS, RVT, RDMS.
760-457-0636
jmiewilians442 gmail.com

A Disanostie Medical Sonographer with the abiliy to pertorm studies independently, and
consistent with physiclin's needs, ita caring and professional manner
PRASOUND

© ARDMS #149205 - SPIVASCULAR: ABDOMEN: OB/GYN
‘© Society of Diagnas tic Medical Sonography’Member

WORK EXPERIENCE

Vascular Specialist of Southern Nevada November 2014 Present

Vascular Ultrasound ‘Technologist, Las Veus, Nv
Performed ulrasound imaging esams in Carotid, Venous. Amerial ABIL AVE and Aor
Assbted vascular sugeon With venous ablation procedures.
Club Staffing August 2014 - October 2014
‘Travel Ultrasound Technologist, Thavel Assignment, USA
Performed ulrasound exams in Abdomen, Renal, Ob 1°24 tnel 3° Trimester. Pele
Thyroid, Setotal, Soll Tissue and Carotid, Performed exams on Neonate to Getic
Selma Carlson Diagnostic Imaging Center Api 2014 July 2014
Ultrasound ‘Technologist, San Las Obispo. Ca
Performed imaging esany in Abdomen. Breast, Renal. Ob 1° 2" and 3 Timester. Peli
Thyroid, Sewotal, Vascula-Carotid, UBILE Antevial & Venous, ABL and ont, Prepared
ways and assisted radiologist with Breast biopsies,
ingman Regional Medical Center/ Mayo Clinie Partner July 2012 — Apiil 2014
Ultrasound ‘Te chnolo Kineman Ax

Performed imaging examw in Alsomen, Renal Ob1*.2%, and 3'rimestet, Pelsic, "Thyroid
Scrotal. Vasculay-Carotid. UBILE Anteial & Venous. ABL Aout and Renal Any.
Coovdinating the iaerentionsl procedues wih radiobgist and assisting with Paracentesis,
Thoraventesis, Lier. Kidney, ‘Thytoid and Soft Tissue biopsies, Duties inched -minaining
ulrssound supplies. Kingman Regional & a Mayo Clink pare, all protocol pertommed ave
Mayo Clic standards. Pertormed ex on Neonate to Geri.
West Coast Ultrasound Institute, October 2012 April 2014
Ultrasound Technologist Lab Instructor, ‘Omtatio. Ca

Duties pertormed structing stents in lub with protocol and sehieving optimal mages in
‘asculal, olvgyn and physics, Grading and eriquing hb scans documenting and enter

imo ab grade book.
Henry Yu
Ee
Jan04, 2011

Hing Mirager

Gost ne

{0 Bai Sect
‘Mowntn View, CA 908
Gon aso

aa shee com

RE: Prod Mager Position
Dear Ms Smiths
‘amexseely irs inthe Prod Mager poston My cals ese sts bah 3 ya espns

‘Twster an Prost Manager ane ny MB fo Cane Mellon Unter. fering my MBA wax pt fe
coe eam at Tite tabi ou he popstar serch vein platform Ths folowing Weighs ny qualia
+ Coos and dicted svc Ly projets Titer making detailed implementation past aecompish
oath and dct the eepanfchnalats

‘+ Sones Snmer AsocisaFosbook, whores esprsible foram igand developing KPL amc
‘yon forte Facsheok Connect ppction

“+ Aula s.r stil we paper on socal medi arising work sa MBA staat Cargo
Nello aed bea fred speaker at AdTech a Ae Sua.

amconfidet that back gru rosis the express you equi for his poston ook forward othe oppo
to sus in dca hw my sis woul Bensit Googe in aching its goals. T thee hank ou fr your
omicrtinn an fomicomng poe

Sere

Hesy Yo

Enos: Resume
EDMUND WATSON

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-
email@example.com
Dear Mr. Dean,

| write in response to your ad seeking an experienced Automotive Technician at
Dean Auto Repair. As a highly competent Automotive Technician, | would bring a
service-focused and hard-working attitude to this role.

In my current position, | efficiently and accurately repair a wide range of vehicle
systems including engines, brakes, and HVAC. | have a knack for problem solving
and work well independently and with little oversight. 1am analytical, have a
good mathematical aptitude, and am friendly and helpful to everyone.

lam a self-starter and excel at diagnosing system malfunctions, maintaining
optimum parts inventories, and completing all necessary paperwork. |am familiar
with proper standards of care in automotive repair and learn new procedures
quickly. As a part of the team at Dean Auto Repair, | hope to serve your customers
well and increase your business by maintaining high standards for performance and
customer satisfaction.

My resume and references are attached. Please feel free to contact me at your
earliest convenience to discuss the position and your needs in detail.

Sincerely,

Edmund Watson
Jouy Suir
22m RECin, Se Ooo + 2222022222 + masse
EXECUTIVE PROFILE

‘SENIOR INFORMATION SYSTEMS PROJECT MANAGER
215+ yeu lol earaip experienc in mana doping and poring wha pogramy ad customer rains
2 Proven techno lene with experi in seaming project roses an TT operation hough mtg assessment
“coring innovation sng fs on dey a meng upshot fate of Nps

> ekgroum of excoting mull F poze: wih th exprione of distil ts of state prj sale ok
oncepavton empleo and wn.

1 roc cred, pteany wie say of ik, ariel anton a Gil pcs Ore
Imanaoners, eead on eine pret executive to meet i. fron il ominnse sons

> Clube wih geoph ete ess od dives keh. with byt work aan as and the
‘aga mito meet deans.

> ccved spa recognition wouah awards fr exec, exes cent expettons and innwation fom Bett,
Niehosor snd saa
PropranProect Managemen © Glabe Team Dertopment end Management + Badge Mansement
Process Smeminng » Resurce Management» Clen! Reaionhip Management and Recon
_Esclet Conmtencetor «  Yoner Management and dppiceon Sappon »\ Enpajc DecopnenMatanten!
muopessonst Extranets

wise Mowry, 2010-2011
Project Manager
‘Soccetly menage ef eof the sins ntligence Read je. The resins scleig an ME
alae (sen) Paral Processing Server sis a ot of coset with aera vend al he peeing be
‘iin plano Bell Mss car taste These sly cp ith Bell Mili ening
‘SAS pot anda ce ed elopmet ae ETL atoning Tv ad IM Dane
"Responses inl wrfacng with nd repting stats igh veers ecg with extra
‘ec a decent es nraing ith aera ils Se cu a supet ea within
‘al nae Msi; sop, cange nd fesoures management isk eifeation nd mitigation steel
‘epg ond bageting an ite warson of te apaton to c-sote andre spot eas
2 Thesolton way accent deployed on alge an nap execs saree mci ll obs
Martin Ina Team mers re ow ale fon extemal advance aati wth aces ili of
wie stmt nage
> Techies e coded Tora
MSAsce
1M Tot at DataSge Oracle DBMS, NET, IS, i UNIX, SAS

"chal Project Manager
Deveopd, mamta, na support Lead Management Prod Manages Usage Summary, Oporanity Aris and
‘Teron Agent Datars Ole Bs neligees sl Inet.
Resp ne: rot ination a plan pet pee al pition desloge sem
Jngpnion and lot plan: cnuing nd nnn yous NEV mileate aplicatnselcing with
sec tar ral DBA spot esa 4 Hoa TL Sip.
Pharmacy Technician Cover Letter Sample

Hans Baucker
287, Rhode Island Avenue

Brookline, MA 82892

‘Telephone: (727) 882-8282

Email ID: hans_baucker@yahoo.com

March 25th, 2012

‘Thomas Bert

Human Resources Manager
ABC Pharmacy Company
57, Main Street

Oklahoma City, OK 86822

Dear Mr. Bert,

Lam writing this letter in response to your advertisement of an opening in Pharmacy Technician
division that published in Massachusetts Daily News. I believe that this position is suitable my interest
and my skill-sets. | intend to apply as Pharmacy Technician in your company.

I have experienced in working in pharmacy field. My knowledge in pharmaceutical allows me to
provide in-depth information for the customers. 1 have wide knowledge in medication preparation,
pharmacy operations, medications procedure, and pharmacy management, am able to provide
customers properly. My excellent communications skills allow me communicate politely with
customers. | have good customer service, math and computer skills. | possess technical skills to excel
in fast-paced environment.
I have worked in BHC Pharmacy Company for three years. | worked with the following
responsibilities: performed data entry of prescriptions; helped senior pharmacist to manage
prescriptions; provided customer service and performed administrative tasks,
I would appreciate the opportunity for discussing my interest in your company, | attached my resume
for your review. You can contact me at (727) 882-8282 for further information. Thank for your
consideration.

Sincerely,

Hans Baucker
Career . :
@ Services Quick Tips
Teacher Cover Letters
A cover letter is a letter of introduction that “covers” or accompanies your application

and/or resume. It personalizes and presents your qualifications for a specific position and is written to obtain
you an interview.

Elements of a cover letter include:

First Paragraph In your initial paragraph, state the reason for the letter, name the specific position or type of
work for which you are applying, and indicate from which resource you learned of the opening.
If someone referred you, this is where you will note it. Most introductory paragraphs are short, so be brief and clear.

Middle Paragraph(s) In this, probably the longest of your paragraphs, you are attempting to persuade the
principal or hiring committee that you are worth an interview. The burden of proof is on you. Most school
administrators are too busy to sift through generalized letters and resumes in hopes of finding a qualified candidate.
These paragraphs of the cover letter are your first opportunity to present specific abilities, education, and/or
experience that make you an attractive candidate for a particular position.

Refer to your resume, highlighting that portion of greatest interest to the school.

Last Paragraph Request an interview to discuss how your skills might assist the school or state that you will
call the school within the next week to set up an appointment to discuss any upcoming opportunities.
Don't be so pushy as to appear desperate, but do be assertive in initiating an interview.

Miscellaneous Tips & Suggestions

Try not to overuse the pronoun “I” in beginning each sentence.

Vary your sentence structure. Edit and rewrite to ensure a polished version.

If you have an enclosure (resume, transcript), type “Enclosure” two lines after your signature.
Limit the letter to one page.

Use high quality paper; standard-size (8.5 x 11”)

Stick with white/créme colored paper. Coordinate with your resume.

Use a laser printer.

Send your letter in a manila envelope to avoid folding.

Letters conveyed by e-mail need not include headings and inside addresses.

Don't forget to sign your letters!

Keep copies.

Always have someone read your resume to catch typos or misuse of words not caught by your spell
checker.

Call 303-492-6451 to make an appointment with a Career Services counselor.

SEAN ARNOLD

| Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-
emailexample.com

Dear Mr. Goins,

Looking fora dynamic Assistant Sales Manager? Search no further, because lam
ready for the job, With over six years’ experience In leading high-performing sales
teams, | will step in and make an immediate contribution to Porter and Goins
Equipment Group's continued success.

You are seeking someone who can proficiently sell both products and services,
and coach a team fo do the same. and that is exactly what | am prepared to do.
As Assistant Sales Manager, |am a proficient sales coach and motivational leader.
In addition, |am analytical. creative, and a strong negotiator.

Highlights of my accomplishments include:
* Improving revenue by 25% in 18 months through effective sales coaching.
Developing and implementing training programs to improve service and
reduce complaints.
+ Streamlining administrative procedures to greatly improve efficiency.

Hook foward to meeting with you in person this week and discussing the details of

this position. in the meantime, please find my resume attached. References are
available upon request,

Sincerely,

Sean Arnold

 
Sarah Connor
659, Blue Street - Detroit, MI 73823 - (343) 267-7889 - Sarah_Connor1234567776@yahoo.com

February 24, 2013

Ben Johnstone

Human Resources Manager
ABCD Company Inc

123 Theway Blvd

Atlanta, GA 30211

Dear Mr. Johnstone:

I am writing this letter in order to apply for the position of computer technician at Dwight Tech
Solution as advertised in your website on the 3“ April 2012.

I am a hardworking and have qualification for this position. I have been worked as computer
technician for 5 years in several notable computer manufacturers. In my last job, I am in charge of
reprogramming and troubleshooting the external and the internal parts of the computers. I also have
experienced dealing with the latest operating system and various programming languages. I work great
in busy environment and also could communicate fluently with the others.

I am looking forward for a personal meeting to talk further about my appropriateness for the position.
Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,

Sarah Connor

Enclosure: Resume

http://wordtemplate.net

 
Lorenzo Hastings

4314, Johnson Street

New Jersey, New York, USA

(627) 261 2414

Cell no. (131) 525 2521
lorenzohastings@chainmail.ccr

‘upp Software Ltd.
2, Kindle Road
lew Jersey, New York, USA

Dear Mr. Wyatt,

‘came to know from Jessica Storm of the marketing department that the position of technical support specialist
as recently opened up In your company. I am interested in working for a prestigious company as yours and
hence, I sending my resume as well with this letter.

have a vast experience of five years in this field. I joined Robust Software as a technical support analyst and
after two years, and after impressing the management by my work, I was promoted to the position of technical
Support specialist, I provided technical support to all the officials of the company, I did most of the trouble
Ishooting for all the systems and ensured no work was delayed.

was in charge for computer systems and networking systems, Installation and updating on new software was

iso under my care, T regularly reviewed the systems so there would be no problems in their functioning, As the!
Ispecialist, bringing in new equipment for the office was also my responsibility. | am good at handling teams of
analyst and have an efficient pace of working.

1 can handle many more responsibilities in your company if you chose me for the job after the interview. I
ould be available for the interview at whichever convenient date you chose. Thank you.

Sincere regards,
renzo Hastings

enclosures:

1, Photocopy of resume
2._ Photocopy of experience

 
technical support supervisor cover letter

In this file, you can ref cover letter materials for technical support supervisor
position such as technical support supervisor cover letter samples, cover letter tips,
technical support supervisor interview questions, technical support supervisor
resumes...

If you need more cover letter materials for technical support supervisor as following,
please visit: coverletter123.com

* Top 7 cover letter samples

+ Top 8 resumes samples

+ Free ebook: 75 interview questions and answers
* Top 12 secrets to win every job interviews

+ Top 15 ways to search new jobs

* Top 8 interview thank you letter samples
“Top miavah top 7 cove lotr samples, presumes sales fee ebock TS inlaw questions and answers
‘Academy of Veterinary Dental Technicians
Application Packet ~ 2011

November 15, 2010
Welcome,

‘Thank you for your interest in applying to become an Academy of Veterinary Dental
‘Technicians (AVDT) certified veterinary dental technician, Upon completion of the credentialing
process and successfully passing the examination, you will obtain the title of Veterinary
‘Technician Specialist (Dentistry) ~ VTS (Dentistry). This National Association of Veterinary
‘Technicians in America (NAVTA) recognized title provides you with a sense of pride and
accomplishment, You will become part of an elite group of veterinary technicians. NAVTA.
recognizes only nine other specialties: emergency/critical care, anesthesia, internal medicine,
behavior, 200 medicine, equine nursing, and clinical practice nursing. The VTS (Dentistry) ttle
also qualifies you to become a member of the AVDT. Upon receipt of your letter of intent,
application fee of $60, and corresponding documentation, a credentials packet will be mailed to
you by January 31, 2011, In order to be considered for the qualifying examination, all work must
ibe submitted by January 31, 2013,

Attached are the general requirements needed to complete the credentialing process. You must
tuse the CURRENT application and credentials packets as changes have heen made. More
detailed information will be included in the credentials packet. The application fee covers the
cost of your credentials packet and administrative charges. Yearly administrative fees of $60 are
due upon notification, Upon completion of your two-year mentorship program, an additional $60
fee will be collected to cover the cost of the credentials packet review. The first examination was
administered in June 2006. The examination fee was $500, The cost of future exams will be
determined on a yearly basis.

To keep abreast of changes in the world of veterinary dentistry, we strongly encourage you to
become a member of the American Veterinary Dental Society (AVDS, P.O. Box 803,
Fayetteville, TN 37334, Phone: (800) 332-AVDS or (931) 438-0238. Fax: (931) 433-6289,
Email: avds@avds-online.org). Yearly membership in this society includes a subscription to the
Journal of Veterinary Dentistry, the official journal of the Academy of Veterinary Dental
Technicians and other associations,

‘Thank you, again, for your interest in becoming a VTS (Dentistry). Congratulations on your
desire to advance in your career as a veterinary technician,

Pat March

Pat March, CVT, VTS (Dentistry)
President, AVDT

‘Academy of Veterinary Dental Technicians Application Packet 20090)
Revised 10/8/2010
1

 
MARIA FRANKEL

Sometown, DE 65565 » (555) 555-5655
mf@somedomain.com

July 27, 2017

Mr. Thomas Jones
HR Manager

ABC Corp

48 Elm Street
Sometown, DE 55555

Re
Helpdesk Technician, Advertised on Monster
Dear Mr. Jones:

|lam interested in joiningyourtier 1 helpdesk team. A longtime fan of ABC Corp's commitmentto customer
service, | bring to thetable a strong customer service mindset combined with technical skils honed
throughout my 15 years of helpdesk experience.

key strengths include:

High-volume ticket management. in my current position as helpdesk support specialistfor XVZ.Co, |
handle 1,725+ tickets per month, fully resolving and documentingissues for future reference.

A track record of consistently meeting or exceeding performance targets correlated with call
handling and customer satisfaction goals.

Technical knowledge:
Windows (all versions), Windows Server 2003, 2008 R2 and2012; macOS; Unix
Microsoft Active Directory Services
LAN, WAN and WiFi network technology (DNS, DHCP, NTP, SNMP and Nagios)

Ms Office 366/Exchange
Recognition for exceptional service delivery through “ACE Team Member" awards.
Mr. Jones, ifyou are seeking an experienced, tech-savvy and customer service-oriented helpdesk

technician with the proven abilty to establish excellent relationships with customers, employees, vendors
and manufacturers, we should speak.

ook forward to learning more about this position andcan be reached at (865) 555-5555 or
mf@somedomain.com. Thank youtor yourtime,

Sincerely,

Maria Frankel

Enclosure: Résumé

 
JESSE KENDALL
123 Elem Stroot + Miatni, FL 32183 « Coll: (305) 444-444 «jkendall@notmaieom
‘TECHNICAL SUPPORT ANALYST.
Solid foundation in technical project management, technology implementation and IT strate
inchuding project leadership in creation of web base platfeern solutions. Problem selver with advanced technical
knowledge who excels in challenging situations. Thoroughly experienced in effectively handing many projects and
deadlines simultancously. Nine years of experience in sales and client rslationship rmanagemen

development expstienes,
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Technical Support Analyst Level Il, ABC Online, Miami, FL, 20xx ~20xx
Assisted Web developers, Web programmers, and Internet merchants via phone. chat and e-muil in integrating payments
preccts and installing the SDK on Windows, Linus, and UNIX machines, including Java, ASP, PHP, and Perl
iemplernentaticns.
+ Single-handedly Furnished premium customer support for merchants of global Financial transaction and payment
services in Singapore and Australi,

+ Saved up to-40 irate clients from terminating accounts by establishing trust and mending relaticaships.

1+ Enfoctively resolved technical support problems forthe Paylow Products via e-mail, phone, and chat

+ Served as fsison, resoures, and primary point of eontast for management and clients.
‘Technical Support Analyst, BCD Technologies, Miami, FL, 20xx —20x%
Support all premium merchants inthe US and Canada, Entered all e-mails and calls that came ino the reporting system,
\Vantive, and erated appropriate cases in the Clarify call-racking database. Maintained and updated the Primus
knowledge base. Provided management of callie-mail tracking and reporting through the vaya Report system database to
‘muintain satisfactory SLAs for all suppor personnel
‘+ Troubleshot code on e-commerce Web sites, educated users on the functions ofthe software, and answered
presales questions related to payments, products, and update and change processor platform information,

+ Collaborated with processors and merchant aecount providers to locate missing funds. handle settlement issues,
nd troubleshoot network connectivity istics with Web servers,

+ Aided merchants and Web developer in integrating preducts on Web sites and shopping eats.
EDUCATION
A.A. Degtoe in Electrical Engineering, XYZ College, Miami, FL, 20x
CERTIFICATIONS & TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES,

AIX Support Specialist / CCNA Exploration ~ Network Fundamentals / CCNA Exploration ~ Routing Protocols and
Concepts / CCNA Exploration ~ LAN Switching and Wireless / CCNA Exploration ~ Accessing the WAN / CCNA ~

Cisco Centfied Network Associate (Anticipated Completion in July 20xx) Primus Level 2 Knowledge Champion

[MS Windows 2000/2008 Professional’ Server. XP/9R, Linux, UNIX, AIX,

TCP AIP, RIP v1, RIP v2, EIGRP, OSPF, VLAN, VTP, STP, RSTP, PVSTP, Ine
Routing, PPP, Frame Relay, HDLC

Local Arca Network (LAN), Wide Area Network (WAN)

MS Office 2003 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access), LivePerson, Vantive, Claris,
KANA Mail. Avaya Reports, Primus Knowledge Base

Hardware/Systems: RS/6000, IBM AS!400, System 36, Cisco Wireless Routers Switches
Languages: LHITML, PHP. JavaScript, Perl, XML. ASP

   
Kelly Blackwell

ety Stet ma cot
cant794
‘ower gail com
‘ese scp my enlned pplication fr he posion of eminent
‘Tech Copan Having ead hgh ou jb desertion tam hile tobe
repuements you reo fo
Atm cote company Redford & Sonn, Lam aed yh CEO and is sta a
‘scl appr pil forthe nn, Lepng ecg oper ave anges and
fice tem organized oll ines tapearened the ee “po ifr nino ll
Plnning aod ppererk acento he post of ing 000 per
Sarin emrced Whe exposes
roving hat cm ptr tell necrsry dts dsr in our job epi, ad
‘enti ters bow operon hn le eee sald he ned ite
1 weld ove that ppatanity ton the ou Tach Company ad ysl
terete elit nd fe enim or yor encase

‘met nd etced the oxpecations ou hve for hark Tlook fra pening
‘moe with you abot my caida. Fel ef ott me at ny time
Kelly Blackwell
my
Gemma

‘emnecrpma com

Peas ace my ccd aption fo the ution famine ant ec
‘Cops ving we egh your ob ec, ri be sping te
‘panini 6nd hr mat he emt Yr eg
‘my aren company, df Sos, ved by th C0 ad is alfa et apport
‘iar rth tom bnping vine pps trl erage ates hone erie
[Siien topcase a planing nd apres, eng
‘Stet othe po ving 8.200 pt erm cated nb xp
1a sed ih ning tr iia sty pve pono, pening hat
{am pert ts cry aie rd our een, an os rate en
‘pert th ty al sn are
‘SSpcunio yuh lak reed espn en osha ny
‘tics elect met on te
ety mache
KELLY BLACKWELL
48 Wak Dive
‘Sin Antoni, TX, 42642
aware

Tonvdenr nacom

Dose Me Dea,

Pease accept my econ application othe position of nist asta at
“ech Corporation Having ed though your 0 dentin, Lam hile tbe
‘plying fo this postion t my ents a experienced silt ate he
‘eiremens you refi for

Aimy caveat company, Reo Sons, Lam any th CEO and i sal.
“teaser lar forth en

‘tie tems erpanzed a all tines I speared the effort ogo dita
Pnoniog ed perm nrensing fe effi) tothe pt of sane $3,000 FF
{es also tased wth raining admis asisats ny Heo potion
‘roving tha an perfor the al eenay dates denrbed i our ob deep,
{Sedeventeain thers in how operon ttre eflectay, shoal the wed aie
{would ove to have to opportu tit
torrente a effet
KELLY BLACKWELL

1 wel er Se Aan T2401 ey Mcp co
capers
"omen ga om

Pee scp ny enh peti fot te poston of nine ita ot Teck Caenion
‘vn rnd enh oro desc, ile be epi ft spat wy yeu of
‘pec an set mh be requ ore ig

Amy cae compan. Redford Sona aol bythe CED ai sta tel ape
Pile othe eng meting papel ranges sd aie en eae all
ine petted eft os fr sh al lai appre. eesng ice
‘Mice the pit of vn 3.00 pet et acute epee
is nad wi ining snide in pis proving en
‘vo te lesa) de edn our rn a even hes bow
Fo is teil he ete,

"oui oreo an open joi hee a Tech Comper sd ey ete a
‘fica ais eel oun fa ot exes Tere an met a ed he
‘Speco youve for ths le Hook fred pean oe wh you sonny camaey Fe

ety naw
KELLY BLACKWELL
snare”
341 wa Dave
canara
‘eeyenro@ pm com

Pee scp ny enh pean fot te poston of sine ata ot Teck Caentoa
"ving ro rong oro srpon Le ied be ping ft pos my ye of |
‘mec an let math be eqn oe ing fet

‘Aimy cen compan. Redford Sonam aol bythe CED andi sta tel pet
Pala or tbeem, eepig mete al eae td ace te rane al
fines peated et 9s Sips l psiag a aperne, een fe
‘Mca the pit of ving $3.00 pr rico er gees
le ted wih ining emirates ia my vos pitn provi at can
For el cay de ened oro deri td ever aoe bow
‘vom is ete sol he et ae

1 oui oreo et operant join he em Tech Comper sd mys eta
‘fea aise eee ros fa ot exes Tere aa met a red he
‘pects yon bv for le Hoo Fred speatng me wh you sont my canny Fe

ety Bake
Kelly Blackwell
uy Sete ot

Sin ono. 2602
Caeatsia
‘eeydenoai com
potion my ye
expres yout kin fer

Aimy cent company, Redford & Sons, La ve by the CEOs his staff rice
‘eyes eam hag ting per, vel ed ee
1 wallow thas pty ton the oa Tech Company ad ne my sills 10
{scien fet ml er fe fic emer por eevee aa mes
sect pcp nk ek ryan me ao
Katy Bac
KELLY BLACKWELL

1 wel ee, Se Anti T2011 ey Mcp

umter 24,2016|
Sie Anna TX. 2682
canis

‘owen gma com

Pes ssp my eed pation fe poston of asa a oT Cerio
‘vn nl vih orien Tu ried be pn ris pens ny ye of

‘Aimy cen company, Rf Som, am vil the CEO andi af teapot
Pale or tbeem eine meth papel ees ad aie en ened a
tine oped th eft ofr sh lig pope. eg aie
Mice the pit rin 83,00 per encour ees
‘vom te lesa) de ese n ouro esron even hes ow

"oa oe ae opera joi hem a Teh Companys ae mys eta
‘Soto yan for hs le Tk formar ata eh you sn my came Fe

ety Baw
JOSEPH JONES
Sometown, NE 55555 « (555) 595-5555 « jj@somedomain.com
March 16, 2018

Ms. Loretta Tompkins
HR Manager

ABC Company

55 Maple Dr.
Sometown, NE 58555,

Dear Ms. Tompkins:
| amyery interested in the veterinary technician position postedon Monster.

Growing up on ourfamily farmmade me an animal loverfroma young age. Ourfarm was home to
many dogs and cats as well as rabbits, chickens, horses, goats and alpaca Iloved caringfor ll of
these creatures, andthe healthy respect! developedfor animals made me “a natural fora careerin
veterinary medicineand care,

Since graduating high schoolthree years ago, |have worked as a full-imevettech for XYZ Pet
Hospital. n addition to assisting the practice's four DVMs with exams, surgeries and various
procedures, | also handle administrative work and daily interaction with patients and their owners.
| have honed my skills in a range of veterinary services, including

Assisting DYMsin the practice of veterinary medicine, including surgical assistance and in-
hospital patient care (frominjections and vaccinations to |V catheter placement, dental
prophylaxis, blood work and est administration)

¥_ Practicing safe pet restraint while assisting with exams and procedures
+ Answering phones, greeting patients and obtaining animal medical histories

Using practice management software to schedule services, update patient records, input charges
andfill prescriptions

¥ Cleaning steriizingand maintaining examrooms, equipment and surgical instruments
¥ Educating petowners on wellness care, medication administration and dietary recommendations
I've earned consistent praise for my technical, interpersonaland communication skills; animal-
handling strengths; and dedication to quality patient care. if my skills and love forpets andtheir
people would be valuable to ABC Company, please call me at (555) 555-5555 or email
Ji@somedomain.comto arrange aninterview.

Thankyou foryourtime.

Sincerely,

Joseph Jones

Enclosure: Résumé
Current: 231 Jefferson Ave, Charlottesville, VA 22902
OBJECTIVE: Veteran Health Intern, Announcement No.: TCF-11-165-MV

PROFILE: Conscientious student and professional. Student of Spanish and Foreign Affairs, interested in further
enhancing skills in the promotion of health and education. Proven reliability and competency in a variety of
paid and volunteer positions as well as in the academic arena. Able to connect people with diverse backgrounds,
experiences, and interests and bring them together to work on projects.

EDUCATION:

University of Virginia, College of Arts and Sciences, Charlottesville, VA 22904
Bachelor of Arts in Spanish and Bachelor of Arts in Foreign Affairs, May 2016
GPA 2.96

Notable course work includes Multicultural Education and Sociology of Gender and Society

Study abroad with University of Virginia in Valencia, Spain, Summer 2013

Stony Brook High School, Sandy Spring, MD 20860
Diploma received May 2012

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:

CASHIER

August 2014- present

Runk C3 Store-Charlottesville, VA 22904

12 hrs/week

Supervisor: Jeff Trumbull 434-982-7777
Starting salary: $9.50, Ending Salary: $9.75/hr

Enter data for dining production sheets to facilitate efficient performance of food production. Train new hires in
basic responsibilities. Developed reputation for prompt, efficient service with high level of accuracy, handling
more than $1,000 per shift. Earned seven THRIVE program certificates for excellence in employment
performance.

BEHAVIOR MODIFICATION COUNSELOR
June 2012-present

Infinity Care-Sandy Spring, MD 20860

Hours vary per week

Supervisor: Grace Johnson 301-222-1880
Salary: $12/hr

Provide in-home nursing and therapeutic services for mentally and emotionally challenged patients. Assist
Jane Doe
Digital Marketer

Oi G PETS
9 New York, USA Ue lk

Hse OUR
To:

Elba Solutions Aps
Erling Kare, CMO
Frederiksberg, Denmark
erling@elbasolutions.dk
November 21, 2017

Dear Mr. Erling Kare,

The creativity and enthusiasm of My Choice: Creative Agency has sparked my enthusiasm to apply and
become your next Digital Marketer. My ambitious interest in digital marketing and social media combined with
working at your company would be a unique and enriching experience for both parties.

Having more than 4 years of work experience within the Marketing industry, | have developed strong expertise
in customer research, social media activation, project management and content creation.

The main achievements that | had in my previous position, that are highly relevant to your specific case and
prove the value that | can add to your team, are:

Increased the conversion from normal users to paying customers from 1,5% to 3,8% in the last year.

Created over 5 new social media campaigns which increased the engagement (shares and comments) of
our users with over 700%.

Improved the existing strategy to incorporate the latest technological changes to help the organization
expand in 3 countries in Northern Europe.

Researched the differences in consumer behavior for the 3 countries in Northern Europe and created a go-to
action plan for each specific one and reached the 1st year targets in the first 10 months.

In addition to this, my internship in a tech start-up for which | was managing independently the whole digital
marketing department gave me the perfect insights into your current targeting challenges for expanding in new
countries.

Analyzing the target markets, creating social media content and ads for platforms such as Linkedin, Facebook
and Twitter, as well as applying the right communication strategies were the tasks that | took care of and would
highly fit your current needs as | already found 3 new ways of reaching new customers for your company
through these platforms.

| succeed at working independently as much as | enjoy mutually sharing creative ideas with other team
members. Additionally, | am enthusiastic about analyzing market researches as | have an eye for consumer
behavior as my previous position has proven.

| will call you next Wednesday in order to follow up on my application at My Choice: Creative Agency and
arrange an interview.

Sincerely,
Jane Doe
Elliot Malone
1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell: (555) 322-7337
‘example-email@example.com

Dear Ms, Billings,

| wnte in response to your ad seeking an experienced Technical Support Representative at BTS
Computers. As 2 highly competent Technical Support Representative, I would bring a service-focused
and hard-working attitude to this role.

In my current position, I maintain an efficient and high-performing attitude while providing consumer
technical support services for business and individual clients. I have a knack for problem solving and
work well independently and with little oversight. 1 am organized, proactive, and committed to
quality.

1am a self-starter and excel at telephone support, documentation, and relationship management. I
2am familiar with diverse PC systems and support protocols, and learn new procedures quickly. AS @
part of the team at BTS Computers, I hope to Support and enhance your customer service goals.

‘My resume and references are attached. Piease feel free to contact me at your earliest convenience.

Sincerely,

Elliot Malone
senoveoe

Canadian NMSO Personal Systems Reference

Lenovo ThinkPad ® Notebooks, Lenovo ThinkCentre ® Desktops, Lenovo ThinkStation Workstations ®
Lenovo ThinkVision ® Monitors, Lenovo ThinkService ® Offerings
Culinary Example,

KITCHEN MANAGER | SOUS CHEF
Bringing 10+ Yearsof Professional Eyperence a Cdlinary Ais 6 Tovinng as Fotos:

‘Menu Design Kitchen Management 46 Dusiness/Revenne
Meal Popataion Stlf Manageanint Grove

Spevial Events Projet Management Team Budi
{Caren & Planning CistomerSenice “Training, Analysts
Inventory Control Parchasing Cost ection

CORE COMPETENCIES

Recognisal Hrnnshont career foreing visionary Chef and Conpoate rane eveging inst
Inorttedge of the marketplace and the vonpetitor lndscupe to stgiicantybncease reve and
‘operational eficioney. Sold orgunizattondl, commntation, and team ling skills. Adept at
‘omeying complex ncn concepts na simple and compelling manier.Fspertie in Cuinary At
trends sch as foot preparation, mem development, cent planning/atering, wn bventory
ipurcaing/contel

Resulis-iven wih extensive Coeporate Talnng experience and sll expertise nt the areas of
restaurant manages, hospital, cooking and coalict manage

Highly shill in ceeating eye appealing ars, msitaiing igh levels of sanitation and
stealiness, and teslving vatiousisues ina umely magnet

Proven ably to effestvely hale multi-task levels of responsility with minimal dsctin
from superiors wile spervsing personel, proving em eerhip, motivation, and
Aevlopinent

DDemosteates knowteslge and experience ina dbverse range cise

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Lovett Kitchen Cooking School Ap IOS Present
Kitchen Aststont

ese Ose ih st al praparation of fos ad atria for asso presentations ate invtoed in ll
‘sets of aration and demonstration of ese ell ax nsring fod ay soto and ln,

‘Ongoing Varons Clientes May 2006 Present
Personal Chef

roids catego ime parties nd psa futons forever clint ee teaching pial ceoking
dase castom desig fost nl ream, Dect meas cberence ath cen etary wens

‘Maria Restawrant (Ot 2001 May 2005,
Private ef

Plat and veut daly cas for parish pret according to tt rusts and etary nnd alas
teed carious events incline staff Chsias Pay pane inter, and lier gr eons

Moses Pasties May 2001 Mar 2002
Pastry, Pantry Supervisor

Swperie pastry end party sf susie Gril Coc, Gain senso experince il

rnd jroo fl forall stats of serie lanues al offate pve ors. Asst Chet
Inventory contd prs, menu decopment ed rae testing,
ON TN eee eR
Cell: (955) 322-7337
example-email@example.com

Dear Ms. Baumgartner,

L write in response to your ad seeking a Customer Service Representative at Abbott Insurance. As a
highly competent Customer Service Representative, I would bring a dedicated, reliable, and driven
attitude to this role.

In my current position, I maintain an exceedingly functional work environment while delivering
exceptional customer service for Hikers Insurance. I have a knack for problem solving and work well
independently and with little oversight. I respond to requests from colleagues and clients in a timely
manner and am adept at prioritizing multiple ongoing projects.

Additionally, I am adept at:

+ Consulting with customers to evaluate their needs, determine best services, and suggest
additional services that may be of interest.

+ Exceeding quotas for calls taken, upgrades processed, and applications completed.

‘+ Maintaining up to date knowledge of services, procedures, and regulations to ensure accurate
and effective service.

+ Cross+training in order to assist other departments or in other roles as needed,

1am a self-starter and excel at handling customer inquiries, policy changes, and resolving conflicts
uickly. 1 am also deeply familiar with several proprietary computer software systems and adapt
quickly to new programs. As a part of the team at Abbott Insurance, I hope to bring first-rate
customer service to your clients and support your business goals.

My resume and references are attached. Please feel free to call me at your earliest convenience so
‘we can discuss the position and your needs in detail.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Lily Wright
Adam Job

MT Main Street» Brooklyn, NY LLL To: (TIN) 555.5355 + Ceth: (917) 555.5585
sbi aol vam

\ talented and skilled Information Technology professional experienced in administration and technical support
SUMIRY OF QUAIFIENTIONS
4 Mose tha four seats of experience bn bntormation cholo
© Adeprat neatork and system administration and technical support
4 Knowledgeable in novsurk optiniatins, msimory manazcrient, si disgnostics
© Highly tamitise financial, business, snd customer service ssstemis
4 Hand working, detail-oriented, ble ws mull-task efficiently
4 Excellent verbal snd writen communication skills
Treniew,
‘Operating Systems: DOS, Novell 3.12-5.1, Windows 95-2000/NT/MIINP, Linuy Meandrakes 8
Networking LANAWAN, FCPAP, 1/13, Ficenet, Poker Ring, ARCNet, IPX/SPX,
: Routers, switches, printers, etwork interlace cards and divers, PC assemhly atl repatr
Word. Excel. PowerPoint access, Orackk, Visual Basic

CERTIFICATIONS
A+, Cenifed Novell Engineer (NE), Certified Novell Admmnssteator (NAT
Microsoft Cenified Professional (MCP), NT 4.0 Server and Workstation

Micsosnft Centtiod Professional (MCP), 20K Server ana Woskstaton (in pegress
PROFESMON AL EXPERIENCE

‘Computer Associates le. sas, NY 1999 present

Licensing and Technical Support

© Provide assistance to domestic and international customers ath installarion of fieense registration iste for
mone than 700 software products. Support Windows users. and some MVS users as necessary
4¢ Troubleshoot operating system. jnstallaton, software, ane! hareware problems for eustomets w¥er the phone
© Walk customers through installation an ve
sation processes, Ment isses, computer ar user genera
© Provide effective resolutions, Perfonan research inte particular system or product te determine problem, Utilize

inhouse spstents to fest installation and segistration techniques and Fixes
Clinton News. Browoklsn, NY loss ty
Computer Operator / Bookkeeper
4+ Responsible for all PC al software supp for private husiness, Curtis
‘oat imtallation, configuration, and
imaintenaave ofall ardWwace and applications, as bell as spull LAN system

4 Managed receipts, acevunts pavahle and vecervahle. an financial reporting systens
# Designed spreadsheets ane templates, hamled cortespondnec, and performed bank 1eoone Pitan

The Chubb Institute, Ness Youk, NY love
Network Engineer and Data Communteation Internship
© Corried out instalation and cont
ration wf NV servers and workstation, print servers, printers, amd PCS
© Planned and designed LAN and WAN esters and TCPAP subnetwork mash
4 Built an managed netseork file systems, user al group acounty and security System

4 Integrated Novell and NT emvaronment, inated Novell NetWare and IntranetWare ServeriC eat
+ Conducted troubleshooting and problean resolution for NetWare, NT, and PC netavork issves,

© Performed memory and CPU upgrades.

Approx at B:
Price Integrity Ci
PERIENCE
ordinator / Bookkeeper Pathmk Stores, Brooklyn, NY (1991 — 1998)
Epvcation
(Compater and Network Technolog,

BBS in Chemistry, Al Tahie Colle
The Chubb Institute, 199%)
Pakistan 1995)
Keywonls: Ne
Desk. Technolo
yvork Suppeit, Network Fagineer, Network Administator, Systems Administator, Network Help
Support Spectalist. TF Support, Technical Service, Systems Management, Network Mans
Microsoft

ORACLE
PTL Tools: Oracle Data Imegrator 12e (ODN, Business Objects Data tmegrtor, Informatica Power

Center 7.x, (Repasitory Server, Repestory Manager, Designer, Workflow Manager and
Monitor, SQL* Loader and DTS,
Reponing OBIE, OBI Publisher Ig RI, Crystal Reports, Co
Tools: TOAD, DB Anisan, Puty. SQL Developer. SSD

Programming: Java. C, C++, COBOL, T-SQL, SQL Plus, PUSQL, UNIX Shell Scripting, Batch Scripting
Web Techno HTML, XML

Environment Win TIXPINT, Mac 0S X 10 and ater, UNIX flavors, MSDOS

EDUCATION

Master of Science, Computer Science Engineering
Louisiana Tech University. Ruston, LA USA

Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science Engineering
INT University, INDIN

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCI
WellStar Hospitals Sep 16-Present
Industy: Healtheare
Roles: fl Data Architect

Responsibilities:

Implement and document an enhanced dita architecture that meets tbe needs ofall the functional business
areas and maintain this architecture

Determine the effectiveness of existing technologies and processes in rlation to the data architecture design,
create necessary implementationimigrtion plans and recommend new BL solutions as require.

Serve as central sour of tnth” reyarding data definitions at data element apd entity levels which covers
physical and logical daubace design, modeling & implementation of entempise BI solutions.

Work closely with iter<lepariment project teams led the development & integration of various strategic data
architecture and BI initiatives across the organization including the production, idetiication and extriction of
data from source sjstems, the transtomation& loading of data into databases

Responsible for influencing the omganization and making decision across the entempise related to dia

Provide the lewlership and vision of infomation management, dita architecture & strategies in data
warehousing and business intl

Have responsibility of technology tnicking, come up with technology strategy, architectae, standands
commend solutions, and overse one or more projects to meet hud, timeliness, high quality service
Stand! and customer satisfaction

To pln, organize and direct the activities of the Business Intelligence setion interme of strategie, tactical, and
‘operational (day-to-day) needs ofthe organization.

Defining. designing, developing and optimizing ETL processes for enteprse data warehouse

Participating and finalizing the functional requirements tom the busines users and converting the functional
_eguirements to technical designs

Prepare the roadmap for upeoming
fevelopments

Environment: SQL Server 2012, Tableau 9

American HealthTech AprlS-Aug't6
Industry: Healthcare
Roles: Sr. Enterprise Data Architect

[As the Database Architect, Lam charged with detining a roadmap and direction of futur development, trom the
penpective of data utilization. Through the implementation of vinualizaion and interoperability. [architected a
distributed data model capable of mesing the needs of American HealthTech and is customers well into the future

‘AN OVERVIEW OF THE NEPAL EARTHQUAKE 2015,

Background

On Saturday April 25th, a magnitude 7.9 earthquake struck the Gorkha District of Nepal, and
more than 100 aftershocks have also struck the region including a 5.2 in the mountains
causing a landslide. It was the biggest earthquake to strike the country in 80 years. The
earthquake was felt across the region from India to China and left immense destruction,
flattening sections of Kathmandu and triggering avalanches in Mount Everest. Initial
government reports confirm that 30 out of 75 districts in the country have been affected in
the Western and Central Regions, including Kathmandu Valley districts. This includes
mountain and hilly areas, in areas where rural populations are dispersed, as well as some very
densely populated districts and Nepal's two largest cities — greater Kathmandu and Pokhara:
‘The worst affected districts include Sindulpalchowk, Kavre, Nuwakot, Rasuwa, Dolakha in the
Rand Kaski, Gorkha, Lamjung in the western region!

Post Earthquake Damage and Loss as on May 08, 2015
Number of Deaths 3019
|

[288,798

Number of Houses Severely Damaged 254,112
“Office & Schools completely 10,445 |
Total PopulationAffeted ——=SCSCS~S~S~SSSY 8 |
Districts Affected 31
Severe Affected Districts | ow
Number of VOCs Affected Final igure
not known

till date

Number of the Children affected? | 3.40000
Road / Bridges collapsed 4,555(appro
x)
(Source: UN Resident Coordinator's Situation Report 6" May, 2015 ond compiled from various
media/ intemet reports)

Rationale for Immediate needs assessments and monitoring response towards affected
Dalit Communities

In Nepal, Dalits community has traditionally been treated most inhumanly due to the caste
based stigma like discrimination, untouchability and alienation by the so-called ‘high/upper
castes”. Several study reports also states that the Dalit community also face social and
economic discrimination in diverse fields including denial entry into the Hindu temples, eating
food in social gatherings like festivals and wedding parties, denials of buying milk sold by
Dalits and many more. Due to such rampant discrimination existing in the country, the socio:
economic status/conditions of the Dalits are very low in comparison to the other (higher)

 
Marshia Hobson

ooh Chicago. TL 60064 « (847) 302 1854
noone com | hp yw linker comlinimarshiahobson
arshiahobion
ASTUTE IT SUPPORT TECHNICIAN
‘Well vse complied system aly tala Yor aapportig bonnation sytem wring Speen, and capaci Syne To
Serve now puposes seeks challenging oppectiuty with technically yee Company
NICAL. SKILLS
* Operating Systems and Sofware? Windom OS, Windows Seren Ca Presenation Seman Novell Newars (NW Ashnin
sald Console Dae) MS-DOS, Mac OS X-Lite, Microsoft Oulook, Logis Notes Mail CSS | Date, LAN Neteocking

+ Tools: Win XP Remuts Aussie, Remole Desktay Comecton, Office Commansiatr, Mies Office Live Meeting,
Web Mectny,Latns Sametime Conmect, Citrs Program Neigh Dane Ware Miss Remte Control VMWare
Visil Crier £5 Novel VPN, Me Ale nt Novignsotivinn, Ti Bacup TSM Rat PE, Tex Tol Pe,

+ Office Sultest Micmofi Office, Coe! Wander, Lams Set Sue, Works
PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS.
TECHNICAL SUPPORT EXPERTISE

Avtar stem sein NetWare ernment se 95 aon hese cia teams an thi eve 1S es
Avs ded level apy with nigra, appr / deans, AN Clean, diner econ ali pevial pec
CCometstly sent maified mv remaned ace: nghtato Noll op 8 NDS wan secon ata
(ese and maintained Desktop Semp Request pails forgroticesan cent ems, submit request for ne Bis ant
Peverill al ets fro Tcl ag ce
Fasevta enjoin atc, PC desktp bg, Thin Cle, al Blakey ayo ewes
“Tea meer ve team meiner: ond cesoton aarp tah at
citate half dy New Hite Oiewtacon an geovide 1 on | cnet ad mile
Leadcarperat lie hanks panes nt seg om hi
Prov 207 wert on cal soppont Yor? eck esos evry oir mons er iss soon
2 Yee Cit ppm. Proc. sever emdiion, accu plches ant aplication upgrades: setup ae dacuent Serves sot

Nec ei fu, comical ull ll Cara work eau server aentay neers tse ald ued, al
ness
Eucla interfacing rppeet al comamoniction with C level acerca anda tela ea
Proven nen commoniation shall nwt. developing an oversee Lats Notes da
1 Ale to ean tew processes, procedures ad soar ic ls neste computer network
em a acon
EDUCATION & TECHNOLOGY TRAINING PROFICLENCIES
Dell Desktops/Notebooks Certification: Oslve st wade
MCSA Tralning: Compatcr Systems bustiute, Shoe, I

“Microsot Office NP Suite Certiieate: Collegeof Lake
Comptia A+ Certification and Networks Training: Alied Couputce Training Center Linolncood. 1.
‘Completed 140 hours towards BS in Business Administration: Califor State Univevity of LA. Las Angeles, CA,
Associate of Arts Lo. Ailes Trade Teel Colle, Los Aap, CA
WORK EXPERIENCE
‘Mars Grapes. (Constant) Now Oca, TIT
PC. MAC.08 device "einer Consultant! Desktop Publisher
reat
+ TechScpor Spits LAN Administ (20
© Admieratve Assistant (2000 ~ 200),
toomecy Hewitt Associates), Lucohshie, 2000. 2011
11)
NOTEWORTHY AFFILIATIONS
+ BOD Recording Seeretary / Delegate | Chicago Chapter Member, EDDA lw k Dats Pua rash, Arama)
+ Apple Macintosh User group ROD Member & Raffle Team sistant, TNIWoL! The Now Weitul Uo
+ Program Coordinator / Presenter / Member, LCACE (Lake Cooity tea Competer Lani
# Comptia A+ Technician, Chen Minos Conguter Coney Expo
From
Neil Simmons

627, Soldier Stree

Mirseopals, Minmescte: USA
(612) 625 1772

Cell no. (723) 726 1711
nelisimmons@chainmail.com

To
Harvey Connors

Human Resources

RNR Electronics

73, Skyline Heights
Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA

Dear Mr. Connors,

have been working as a technical support representative in HTLR Electronics for the past two
years and handled all the technolagy related queries from the customers. I read in the Minnesota
Daily that RNR Electranics company was hiring staff for technical suppor for your costumers. | am
interested in working for a company like yours

Since Ihave prior experience in he same fet you wil not requ to give me any specie god
You will only have to train me regarding the specification of your products. | am good at u:
sestpulers. always speak peltey on he phone aa sbeak aute Sealy Ts Wo. he Susans
‘can understand me really well

In action Engl | lo peak Sparish and alan cite fuentiy. am ute atch
rofore, Ihave no problems solving customer queries. lam paint with all the

Eustomere and in these two years ave nol hag any probleme with any othe cals have

altended The feedback from the customers has also been good for

| would rely ike o werk fr a good company such as yours as know wil have apie

opportunities to move ahead and gain good experience. Therefore, at least grar

ert aap a ee ahs oh tig ore rurieale ahiol ore gwen ebnvelartih

the resume as well. Than)

Sincere regards,
Neil Simmons

Enclosure:

4, Photocopy of resume
Coleen M. Pierce
10190 S Hacienda Dr.
Goodyear, AZ 85338
(623)386-9485 Home
(219)308-0439 Cell

Email: cmpierce1965@gmailcom
To Whom it May Concem:

| would like to express interest in a radiologic technologist with your facility. | am ART
and CPR certified; Arizona MRTBE. | am confident that being an experienced radiologic
technologist that lam a suitable match for a position within your company.

With over 4 years of experience working independently as a lead radiologic technologist
for an orthopaedic, pulmonary, rheumatology, internal medicine, pediatrics and podiatric
practice is an excellent preparation for a career with your facility. My leadership
responsibilities include performing radiographic techniques without any supervision,
catering to patient's needs, doctor liaison, x-ray billing, training other technologists on
digital protocol, office billing and medical records.

Enclosed is my resume which provides additional details about my background. | would
welcome an interview to tell you more about my qualifications and what | have to offer. |
am grateful for your time and look forward to hearing fram you,

Sincerely,

Coleen M. Pierce, R.T. (R)
Katherine Weiss, RT (R) CT, ARRT, MBA

1855 Baring Bld. #711, Sparks, NV 89434" kate.weiss3@gmail.com = 508-044-8923
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

‘Adicuated and educated prolessional with strong knowledge of Radologe and Computer Axial Tomography operations
‘and procedures.

+ Saf and Sulert Development CCommricators Improvements Devobpmart of Paces and Poordures
* Winston Develannant of Sam Prods Bing of Exans ani Procedures
* Managanent ‘Specal Procalures Contes Meda Admiast ston
+ Belem ShooIng and Ressuins Managarnt of Supplies (CPR Certteaton

i rascogy Uszaion of PACS. NARA
* Radley nboaton System + Meseer 1 Dera
+ GE Workaatore + Vite ett Sofware
sek + Synge + PCs
1 Tera Recon

[EXPERIENCE

Radiologic Technologist / Lead CAT Scan Technologist / Clinical Instructor / 30 Imaging Lab Technologist

| Prepared patients and perlomed radioioge exame in the Radology Sule, Portable, OR, Mammagrame, IVP's, C-Arm,
Venograms, Upper and Lower GI Studies.

+ Oporated Picker, Philips Brilliance 16 and 64 sice, GE Light Speed VCT, GE Optima 660, Toshiba Aqullon One, and
Siemane Somatam Sensation 4, Siemens Dafition Flash, and GE Workstations, Perlormad clagnostic exams ofthe
Head, Neck, Lungs, Pumonary Angograms, Absoass Drainages, and Perculanaaus Needle Biopey s, Cardiac,
‘Abdominal, Pehéc, and Extremity exams. Responsibie for performing 3D imaging as requosted for vaious studies.

«+ Ijected lnized Contrast Media and maintained IVs. Practiced ALARA

“+ Responsible for taining, scheduling, submitting of payol, and other duties pertaining to the operations of the CAT Sean
Department

‘+ Instucted, directed and suporised student Radiologic Technologist tom the Massascit Community Collage. Assisted
inthe curiculam dewlopment; and conducted formal lectures and lab instructions.

+ Developed 3D images by post-acessing CT sean and MRI scan mages as requested by radiologists and clinicians,
Ensured integity of images in accodance with department guidalines and standards. Delvered dally reports and
monitored Imaging Lab dashboard. Performed pielal research for medcal equipment vendors on now medial
sofware: collaborated with [T department to ensure succes.stl integration of al medeal technology. Sought ler and
maintained awareness of industry trends, new techniques, and equipment innovations.

‘+ Soned on Haven Committee and JCAHO Radioiogy committee. Assisted with taf taining
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

Massachusetts Society of Radiology Tachnology / MSRT / Education Coordinator / Cape Cod District ~ President

=Vice President - Secretary - Treasurer

Addressed key iseuee relative to ceritcation, ce-ceMtfication, accreditation and continuing education programe impacting

more than 6X statewide radiology professionals. Led piotal learship roles for Cape Cod Distrct—teasurr, secrotay,

‘esidentelect, and resident. Responsibitee’ included fmances, reporting and maintaiing accurate documentation

Steared direction of dstict goals, aligning with stale objectives tom 1986 — 2010.

‘Demonstrated stralagc-and ertical thinking kis, ofactivaly analyzing education programs for efectiveness and
Inlating changes t ensure cohesion wth emerging innovation.

+ Successtuly processed numerous records and fnancal daa, uilzing managodl ekile to delegate specific projects ane
tasks, monitor progress and oversaw end resus.

EDUCATION
BSIBM, MBA, University of Phoenix, Braintrea, MA 20
'AS, Radiologic Science, Nothaastam Uniersty, Boston, MA 1986,
Paralegal Certificate, Baston Unversity, Boston, MA 2008

License in Health Insurance, Insurance Commission, Boston, MA 2012


CURRICULUM VIT,
MD NAZRE IMAM

Medak College of Engg. & Tech. E-mail-nazre.meet@ gmail.com
Kondapak (V+M), Siddipet (DIV) Mobile: - +91-8099748429
Dist-Medak, (A.P)

PIN- 502372

Career Objective:

T aim to obtain the position in a respectable firm where I can fully utilize my talents,

knowledge, proficie
cy and excellent communication and inter-personal skills for the benefit

of the firm,

Summar}

+ B.Tech (final year) in Electronics & Communication from Medak College of

Engg, & Technology, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad,
rength:

© Optimistic, Leadership
© Assertive, self motivated.

* Adaptable with new Environment and Technology.

Academic Profile / Achievements:
+ B.Tech (ECE) from M.C.E.T (Hyderabad) with 67.5% (up to 7 sem) in 2007-10.

+ Intermediate (12") from M.L.T, College Saharsa, BIHAR, with 61.2 % in 2004.

+ Matriculation (10th) from Islamia High School (S.B.Pur) Saharsa, BIHAR with
72.7% in 2002.
ical Detai
Languages VHDL.C
© Diploma in Circuit Analysis & Design

© Computer basic skills (MS Office, Intemet, ete)
John Jobseeker
123 Success Ave
New York, NY 10017
(212) 555-1212
John@yahoo.com

February 15, 2020

Marcos Alvarez
Facility Director
ABC Veterinary Clinic
456 Career Ave
New York, NY 10011

Dear Mr. Alvarez:

{Lam writing to submit my attached resume for consideration for the Veterinary Technician
‘opening that was advertised on craigslist.org.

[Asa certified Veterinary Technician and have over three years experience in this field. As you
‘can see in resume, 1am knowledgeable in the routine diagnostic testing, radiology, anesthesia

_administration/monitoring, dentistry, nursing care, IV catheter placement, venipuncture, and
<ient communication.

‘Additionally, I have experience assisting in exam room appointments, performing laboratory
procedures, providing animal restraint, assisting with patient care, cleaning and preparing
‘surgical instruments, assisting with taking and developing radiographs, and helping maintain a
lean and organized hospital.

{believe if given the opportunity, I will prove to be a valuable asset to your staff and your
dlents.

After reviewing my resume, should you feel my qualifications are a good fit for your company,
please contact me at your convenience to schedule an interview.

‘Thank you for your time and consideration. 1 look forward to hearing from you soon.

sincerely,

John Jobseeker

 
Victor Durand
E-Mail: victorjdurand@gmail.com Address: 134 Rightward Way Portland, ME, 04019
Tel: 978-289-2658

Academic Details
2004-2008 - MIT, BS in Mechanical Engineering
© Followed my passion in Product Design and Manufacturing coursework
© Great in Mechanics and Materials
© Wrote a weekly column on Lean Manufacturing concepts in The Tech

License
+ Licensed Massachusetts Professional
Engineer

Work Experience
signed manufacturing procedures, processes, and production layouts for
ion, assembly, machining, and material handling. Redesigned machine

Joining: 2009-05 to 2014-06
: Manufacturing Engineer
AE Systems
design and implement manufacturing processes and layouts. Increased employee
it. Redesigned Kanban system. Improved the manufacturing department's customer
jon with some fiesh ideas.

008-06 to 2009-05

The scope of work: Sourced a small motor gear box for a customer's specifications. Assisted with
design of a small custom microscope optics system. Performed CAD design for a new sports visor

idea.
Hard and Soft Skills
s ‘Manufacturing production design
. Leadership
. Equipment installation layout
. Collaboration
. Lean manufacturing
. Communication
Additional activities

* Active member, American Society of Manufacturing Engineers.

© Delivered a presentation on Lean Manufacturing at the Mechanical & Aerospace
Engineering Conference in 2017
My article 10 Mechanical Engineering Best Practices was published in iCrank.
‘My article Lock Picking for Fun and Profit was linked to by Engadget.

Victor Durand

nest

eter)

Pe rae

Pong
Nite

ey

eee tet

Quora

Sg
Reece eta)

Lue

De ae eae

Lean Manufacturing

ooo

Pee Tecos

ee)

Dera
)

Pie) Cy

Leadership

Corey

er)

Conny

ree)

ee)
Energetic mechanical engineer with 9+ years experience. Seeking to put proven skill in process
‘and production design to work for Boeing. Increased production efficiency by 35% at Raytheon
IADC. Decreased costs 28% and cut lead times by 22%. Lowered defects 32% department-wide.

Experience
201406- Manufacturing Engineer
2017-07 Raytheon ADC

+ Designed manufacturing procedures, processes, and production layouts for
equipment instalation, assembly, machining, and material handing.

+ Redesigned machine arrangements department.wide for improved efficiency.
Increased production efficiency by 25% over previous arrangement.

+ Speatheaded the Qualty, Cost, and Time Lean Manufacturing intatve.
Decreased costs 28% and cut lead times by 2256 across the department.

+ Increased production quality, measured by 32% less detects, 2596 less
customer complainisretums, and 30% less rework on all project.

200905- Manufacturing Engineer
201408 ae Systems
+ Executed dally manufacturing engineering activites, including working with
teams to design and implement manufacturing processes and layouts.
* Increased employee engagement in the Lean program by 42%.
+ Administered the manufacturing departments customer communication
initiative. increased fidelity of communications with customers by 22%.
+ Redesigned Kanban system. Decreased inventory by 53%

2008-06- Freelance Engineer

2000-05 + Sourced a small motor gear box for a customer's s
+ Assisted with design of a small custom microscope
+ Performed CAD design for a new sports visor idea.
+ Consistently delivered to customer needs at 20%6+ under

Education
2004 - MIT, BS in Mechanical Engineering
2008 + Followed my passion in Product Design and Manufacturing coursework
+ Excolled in Mechanics and Materials.
+ Pursued an independent study program in Machine Layout Design.
‘+ Wrote a weekly column on Lean Manufacturing concepts in The Tech.
License
Licensed Massachusetts Professional Engineer
Award
2015 ‘Spearheaded team that received Shingo Prize for Manufacturing.
Additional Activities

+ Active member, American Society of Manufacturing Engineers.

+ Delivered a presentation on Lean Manufacturing at the Mechanical &
‘Aerospace Engineering Conference in 2017.

+ My anicle 10 Mechanical Engineering Best Practices was published in iCrank.

+ My antcle Lock Picking for Fun and Profit was linked to by Engadget.
Name
124 76th Stet

Towervile, New York 13180
sanuary 15,2012

Me John P. Sma
Recruting Coordinator
‘cmeTech Corporation

14 Patriot Avenue
Bigtown. New York 10082

ear Mr Smat

‘AS an experienced computer programmes who is presently pursuing @ master’s degree in electnical
engineering at ivy League Polytechnic Institute am weting to request information about possible
summer employment oppertuniies wih AcmeTech. Iam inlrested it @ postion that wilallow me to
Combine the tients | nave developed in both computer programming and electrical

engineering, However, as you can see fom the attached resume, | have extensive experience in many
related felis, and | always enjoy new challenges

|e! that ts important forme to maintam a practical. reabword perspective while developing my
academic abies. | am proud ofthe fact hal | have financed my entire education through scholarships
{and summer jobs related to my fed of study. This work expenence has enhanced my appreciation for
the education | am pursuing. find that | eam as much for my summer jobs as | do orn my academic
Studies. For example, during the summer of 1996, while working for IBM in Palme, Flonda, | gained 2
reat deal of practical experience in he eld of electronic circus logic and drver design When | retuned
to school nthe fll and took Computer Hardware Design I found that my experience with IBM had
‘tmoroughiy prepared me for the subject

Having sai a this, | realize that your frst consideration in hing an applicant must aot be the potental
‘educational experience AcmeTech can provide, bu the skils and services the applicant has to offer
hope the experience and education described in my resume suggest ow | might be of service to,
‘AcmeTech
‘welcome the opportunity to discuss with you how | might best assist AcmeTech in fufling its present
corporate needs | will be avaiable fr employment from May 14 through August 31, 2072, Please let me
‘now what summer employment opportunites are avaiable at AcmeTech for someone with my

education, expecience, and interests, Yu can reach me by phone al ($18) 855-7450

‘Thank you for your consideration

‘Sincerely yours,

Joan Gardner
Siobhan Keenan

IT Researcher
July 1, 2018 Personal Info
Marcel Steinhoff Address
HR Manager

12-12 Astoria Blvd.

SmogTech Solutions Astoria, NY 11102

350 5th Ave

New York, NY 10118 Phone

(718) 555-1221

Dear Mr. Steinhoff, 7
E-mail

siobhan.keenan@gmail.com
As a longtime user and fan of SmogTech’s peerless cloud services, | was thrilled to see the

opening for an entry-level IT researcher. With my IT university background as well as a dedicated
consumer of your cloud offerings, | know | can use my skill set and knowledge to quickly become

a valuable member of the SmogTech team.

In my former role in my university's IT laboratory, | had numerous responsibilities and
achievements which would serve me well in this entry-level role at SmogTech. I’m proud to have
been on a team which pioneered some innovative new IT best practices. On top of that, my
diverse set of projects there have often maintained an enviable position as public-sector winners,
and I'm sure that | could garner similar results at SmogTech, such as:

* New method for documenting bugs which reduced operational downtime by 52%
* Initiated system for merging data streams into single output which led to a 26% increase in
productivity.

Obtaining the IT research position at SmogTech would be a digital dream come true. You see,
SmogTech's user-friendly cloud development platform is what inspired my fondness for tech. As
such, there is no other firm that would make me as happy to work for. | know that, should | be

granted the researcher position, I'd be the envy of my circle of friends!

| would welcome the chance to discuss your current tech and research objectives and show you
how my successes at university can translate into growth for SmogTech.

Sincerely,

Siobhan Keenan

P.S. - I'd love the opportunity to sit down with you and go over how | can bring similar results
(26% productivity increase) to your office, as well.
Edward Shay, CPAT

12 Bonnar St | Someta, MLA O1D00 [45550 5 | sumeune dexample.cam

[Dae]

Mr, Wiilany Kaunas
Hunts Resources Manager
Senictosy General Hospital
4H Gave Ave,

Sometown. MA D100

Ry Pharmacy Tectpiclan Openings
esr A Koutinan

Aso Varutiod Pharnuey Tachmesan (PDT) with Massackusotts freensute, | am wri tw express
fy strony aierest sh jornung yur multicisetplinsry heaitheare ream 1 kave recenlty raved ta
Sometwsn ttm Boston apd Lam acbyety secon full-tiote empiuyment

My hackgrounal uschudes six, veursof espariunee workin ws a plarmney wets ay bot. 12
Ihospiual formulary setuinus. # wa my eredoutials elude
+ Seven years of pharmacy tech expertenee.
+ Expettenee «both ret and bospitn’ phartigey eperstcons:
Comprehensive kris) ede of matical termunilogy, thitd-pary formutanes aril plan,
hmuatiens, spoihcary and meine systenis of weighls ait measures, al plarma:cuuical
cslelations, a
+ \ proven track ren of eonumended performance un all pharmacy tech presitions held

Adler cammg my phumacy teehrtcrae erufesuon tom Senistawn Lavversiy w 208 1 wwined
HIVU's rou pharmacy eam, serving as a phamuacy tee tor one 9a the chamn's bighest-votume

dnigstores m Boston. Fachteved high marks on my anoual reviews throwghour my rout-vear
enployinent ‘wt HV, eattuny consisten) praise tie my allenbins Wy deta? a Hlling preseripusnt,
meauriug medications, und MuIBLNMUNe Up-lodals stomer respnds abd aasuuance ttorslin
y 298, 1 gecepted a phurumey eel position wilh ABC Medical Center. working 1 sks oxpatal
formuliry AS m my provious postion 1 Was commiended for my aveuraey atiention to detsth un
high producoviy fevat {alse espanited my know lodye ot demages and imdicarions tor a broadened:
atay of medical conditions during my 16n years with this Level | trauma ceuber

Hwould welcome: the ypportunity for an gnteriew, and Fill follow up with you na few dave we

ory this punsibility, Inthe meantuate, Lap enelosiny my resuite for vour reviess, and [hue yo
wwill nov Beesitate fo gontet mg ab (SSS) 385-3835 oF va email at someone wexamnply cont to arrange
= meamy Thank you for your ume, and 1 took forward 10 spealang with yu
Sinceraty,

Egward Shaw, CPRT

Enclosure: Resume

 
From
Neil Simmons

627, Soldier Street
Minneapolis Minnesoe, USA
726 1711
neilsimmons@chainmail.com

To
Harvey Connors,

Human Resources

RNR Electronics

73, Skyline Hi

Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA

Dear Mr, Connors,

1 have been working as a technical support representative in HTLR Electtoni 1 40
years and handled all the technology related queries from the customers. I read in the Minnesota
Daily that RNR Electronics company was hiring staff for technical support for your costumers. [
interested in working for a company like yours.
Since [have prior experience in the same field you will not require to give me any special training.
‘You will only have to train me regarding the specifi if your products. | am good at using
computers, | always speak politely on the phone and speak quite clearly. This way, the customers
can understand me really well
In addition to English, | also speak Spanish and Italian quite fluently. | am quite a tech savvy person
and therefore, | have no problems solving customer queries. | am patient with all the customers and
in these two years I have not had any problems with any of the calls I have attended. The feedback
from the customers has also been good for me

| would really like to work for a good company such as yours as I know I will have ample
opportunities to move ahead and gain good experience. Therefore, at least grant me an opportu

to attend an interview. Call me on the contact numbers which are given above and in the resume as
well. Thank y

Sincere regards,
Neil Simmons

Enclosure

1. Photocopy of resume
From
tte Si

4841 Ella Street
Brisbane, CA 94005
650-248-7448
sjulle@example.com
Date. July 6, 2011
To

Carlos Whaley
Terminus

1905 Dye Street
Tempe, AZ 85261
Dear Mr. Whaley,

Re
/ascular Technologist Position

Recenty my coleague just mentioned tha here isan opening with Terminus forthe poston of
vascular technologist. A few months ago J have completed my certification course in the same
fad Meng ih (ie hang else praten py Mester coures 9 Medea! Seonce hs osyree 1
rave only taken subjects that were related to being a vascular technologist. You can find my
attached resume along with this application letter for your further review

1 know one thing for sure, that a good vascular technologists needs to have remarkable
communication sls, This ski's consered impotent because one needs fo Mustrate and
explain all the medical procedures in detail that any patient would requure ge wel eof
2 fact that most ofthe oe ie hott oninere abou el esa Scat | can prove
them good emotional support whenever required. Another ski tht I possess is great atenton 0
Sotalol can provide he aaton mth helpin scooloctng thor medica nsbiy eh tieg ut te
remaining paperwork.

In addition, | have technical knowledge for using the night equioments required for the patient
Checking the test results, regarding vascular problems in my forte and | always cross-check the
reports for being accurate

it would be better if we could meet and discuss the possibity of this opening. This wil! provide you
wi @bater opportinty to know me furter, You can glve me @ ca et 650-240-7448, Thank you
Tor your

Sincerely,
ste Sry
Enclosure: Resume
JORGE FLORES

T Ntsn Sc, New Cusfand, CA 910
Gall (885) 22-77
xampl-emaexanple com
SUMMARY

nical know ledge and quality assurance mindsct necessary 10
lent peofesstonal Committed to safety and hugh
Mowvated Entey Level Facility Mech
sonqur unforeseen obstacles, Organized, dotal-ortented. and off
performance and thrives ina fast-paced, challenging environment
HIGHLIGHTS

* Technologically savy ‘Equipment operation and repair

* Cistomer service expertence Dedicated and loyal

* Maintenance expert + Creative problem solver

© Fantiar th all buslding systems + Frond people person

+ Safety-conserus + Proactive and esourceful
AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Mechanicat

Break down and repair engines and other machinery
+ Fabricate parts and piping to complete istatlauons and repaurs

+ Install appliances and machinery aecording to specficarions

+ Schedule and conduct masntenance to hoop machinery operating in peak conditvon

Analytical and Organizational Skills
* Effectively maintain and update reconds

Study diagrams and schematics to understand machinery operations

* Inspect and test malfunctioning equipment to troubleshoot and diagnose sues,
Accomplishments
+ Eamod recognitions for eseceding performance quotas five umes
# Awarded Emplosee of the Month tsice
© Surpassed sales goals for sis months straight. improving company bottom line
* Reduced thetts by 15% by suggesting entry exit poliey change for employees
ENPERIENCE
EAST TOWN MEY’S CLOTHING
Now Cisland, CA
ales Associate
(09/2011 10 Corsent

GEIGER, MURCHESON. AND HOWELL ACCOUNTING
Now Gitsland, CA
03/2007 10 08/2011

FORTUNA TV
Fortuna. CA,

Satellite Installer

(06/2818 10 02/2007

EDUCATION

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
27
University of California, New Citstand, CA,
From
Nal sores

627, Soldier $1

Minneapolis seo USA
(612) 625 17

Cell no. (72. 72617 11
neilsimmons@chammail.com

To
Harvey Connors,

Human Resources

RNR Electronics

73, Skyline Heights,
Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA

Dear Mr, Connors,

1 have been working as a technical support representative in HTLR Electronics forthe past two
sears and handled al the technology related queries from the eustomers. read in the Minnesota
Daily that RNR Electronics company was hiring staff for technical support for your costumers. | am
interested in working for a company like yours
Since I have prior experience in the same field you will not require to give me any special training.
You will ony hve to wn me regarding the speciesion of your pedis. am godt wing
computers ' speak politely on the phone and speak quite clearly. This way, the customers
ears realy wel
In addition to English, (also speak Spanish and Halian quite Auently: am quite tech savvy person
and therefore, have no problems solving customer queries. fam patient with all the customers and
im these two years I have not had any problems with any of the call [have attended. The fe

from the customers has also been good for me.
| would really like to work for a good company such as yours as I know I will have ample
‘opportunities to move ahead and gain good experience. Therefore. atleast grant me an opportunity
to attend an interview. Call me on the contact numbers which are given above and in the resume as
well. Thank you.
Sincere rezards,
Neil Simmons,

Enctosure

1. Photocopy of resume


22 Our eg te
snaiapes i508
(Gin 55.18
‘as Teme peg agen pn in pri ape eg
1 Mermeegemeenyenee mace rtcae
2 Re cee cngecpaaty as poarmg
+ Heise mepewsauinoceseweneees
1 Samael umn tm eis tg
1 Riksmaopaps cacao pat ot cooneaa ad aera

epomamaetas soe
2 eelasermnc ip coebre i pemetne ene pi
camer
Shokan
(0 een rt tn
‘Recerca All Fr Al hein!

 
Lori CATES HAND

19172 Potters Bridge Road. E-mail: loricateshand@yahoo.com
Noblesville, Indiana 46060 Blog: http://publishingcareers. blogspot.com
Cell: (317) 531-6452 Twitter: www. twitter.com/loricateshand
EpiTor, WRITER, & PUBLISHING CONSULTANT

Marketing-savvy publishing strategist with 9 years of experience evaluating book proposals for sales potential.
Award-winning content editor who has acquired, edited, and produced more than 300 published books in 20 years
in the industry. Entrepreneurial owner of professional editing and writing business producing top-notch books,
magazines, blogs, and career marketing documents. Exceptional time and resource manager who always meets
deadlines and delivers accurate content within budget.

Book PuBLISHING EXPERIENCE
JIST PUBLISHING ® Indianapolis, Indiana 1999-Présent
Nationally acclaimed publisher of trade books, assessments, videos, workbooks, textbooks, and online training that
help people find jobs and manage their careers, Acquired by EMC/P aradigm Publishing in 2007.

Trade and Workbook Product Manager (2007-Present)
‘Trade Product Manager (2003-2007)

Acquisitions Editor (2001-2003)

Development Editor (1999-2001)

Plan publishing strategy for $2M+ trade and workbook title lists, including developing specifications, projecting
sales and costs on P&Ls, proposing to and persuading editorial board, acquiring 12 to 15 titles per year, negotiating
contracts with authors and agents, revising high-performing backlist titles, reviewing marketing collateral materials,
participating in social media marketing and publicity, researching competitive titles, directing authors, and
performing development, copy editing, and production editing. Hired and manage development editor,

« Grew trade sales by 40% in first year as product manager through on-time delivery of quality, well-
targeted products.

« Update and revise books by departed publisher and primary author Mike Farr, keeping alive a line of
titles that has sold more than 2M copies.

+ Repaired relationship with Résumé Magic author Susan Britton Whitcomb, one of the company’s most
successful outside authors, resulting in five more titles with the author and close to $1M in sales.

« Acquired FBI Careers manuscript from federal agent Thomas Ackerman, which has become one of
JIST’s biggest sellers, netting more than $200K and going into three editions and a spinoff title.

« Developed editorial procedures, including new product information communication, bound galley/ARC
implementation, production workflow, and book design templates.

« Won numerous publishing awards, including Publishers Marketing Association’ s Benjamin Franklin
Award, Axiom Business Book Gold Award, and ForeW ord Magazine Book of the Year Gold Award.

MACMILLAN PUBLISHING USA « Indianapolis, Indiana 1991-1999
$200M+ publisher of technology and reference titles with 1,000+ employees. Acquired by Pearson Education.

Managing Editor, Frommer’s Travel Guides (1996-1999)
Product Development Specialist, Alpha Books (1995-1996)
Senior Production Editor, Que (1993-1996)

Production Editor, Que and Sams (1992-1993)

Copy Editor, Sams (1991-1992)

Supervised the production of 600 titles per year by 14 production editors. Built and managed team of 50 freelance
copy editors. Set production schedules and ran status meetings. Allocated team resources for maximum efficiency.
Edited travel and computer instructional books for technical accuracy, ¢larity, market focus, and structure.

+ Produced first edition of Frommer's Europe on time and within budget.
« — Instituted new manuscript formatting procedure that saved tens of thousands annually
e Developed first JavaScript title to hit the market and creatively augmented its content,


corey F. Taylor
574, Zappa Di
lacksonuille, Florida 58410
Jnited States
520-465-7931
“rey. ftaylor@freemail.com

ate: March 29, 2012

ro

lames T. Brown
4iring Manager

cowalski Veterinary Hospital
23, Randall Or

lacksonuille, Flonda 58463
inited Staves

526-418-7390
lames@ifreemaii.com

dear Mr. Brown,

am glad to have found about the ongaing recruitment far veterinary doctors for the new branch of Kowalski
Jeterinary Hospital. T would like to apply for this job and would appreciate if you take out some time to go
hhrough my application ang the documents enciased along with i

haa been warking as a veterinary doctor at Federal Veterinary Healthcare institute at Tallahassee, | served
his organization for seven years before moving ta my native place Jacksonville. In this period, { have been
volved in treatment of animals, medical research, and training resident doctar at the facility. Prior ta this job,
was a resident doctor at Curtis Veterinary Clinic in Tallahassee.
am passionate for wildlife ang it gives me great pieasure to help them in leading a better life. It would be 3
yice opportunity to fulfil the requirement of your organization and at the same time, pursue my passion.

Ainaly contact me a day or two in advance you schedule an interview. I look forward to 2 positive response
and an association that will be beneficial for both. Thank you.

fours sincere,

rorey F, Taylor

‘Signature)
enciosed:

zesume
2notocopies of Credentials
Recommendation Letter
john.doe@gmail.com

John Doe 202-555-0166

yale scakod New York, USA
john-blog.com

21 November, 2017

linkedin.com/in/john.doe it

@oog

@john.doe

Dear Mr. Erling Kare,

The creativity and enthusiasm of My Choice: Creative Agency has sparked my enthusiasm to apply
and become your next Digital Marketer. My ambitious interest in digital marketing and social
media combined with working at your company would be a unique and enriching experience for
both parties.

Having more than 4 years of work experience within the Marketing industry, I have developed
strong expertise in customer research, social media activation, project management and content
creation.

The main achievements that I had in my previous position, that are highly relevant to your
specific case and prove the value that I can add to your team, are:

5 Increased the conversion from normal users to paying customers from 1,5% to 3,8% in the last
year.

= Created over 5 new social media campaigns which increased the engagement (shares and
comments) of our users with over 700%.

5 Improved the existing strategy to incorporate the latest technological changes to help the
organization expand in 3 countries in Northern Europe.

© Researched the differences in consumer behavior for the 3 countries in Northern Europe and
created a go-to action plan for each specific one and reached the 1st year targets in the first 10
months.

In addition to this, my internship in a tech start-up for which I was managing independently the
whole digital marketing department gave me the perfect insights into your current targeting
challenges for expanding in new countries.

Analyzing the target markets, creating social media content and ads for platforms such as
LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter, as well as applying the right communication strategies were the
tasks that I took care of and would highly fit your current needs as I already found 3 new ways of
reaching new customers for your company through these platforms.

I succeed at working independently as much as I enjoy mutually sharing creative ideas with other
team members. Additionally, I am enthusiastic about analyzing market researches as I have an
eye for consumer behavior as my previous position has proven.

I will call you next Wednesday in order to follow up on my application at My Choice: Creative
Agency and arrange an interview.

Sincerely,
John Doe
Ms. Maren Coolidge
AlphaTech

301 Industry Road
Drytown, CA 98555,

Dear Ms. Coolidge,

|.am writing to apply for the Intemal Audit Manager position currently open with AlphaTech, as posted on your
career website.

Ihave a bachelor's degree in accounting and | am recognized as a Certified Internal Auditor. | have four years of
experience working as an Internal Audit Assistant Manager, where | performed many of the same duties listed in
your posting. My experience includes assisting with management duties such as interviewing potential
employees, training new hires, preparing reports and creating documents that record the information found in the
audits,

have what it takes to create and implement audit plans and monitor internal audit operations. | can make
suggestions for improvements and help your company meet your financial goals. | can perform operational
audits to determine how well your company resources are being used and compliance audits to make sure that
your company is following all local, state and federal regulations.

| can skilfully perform audits to help your company keep up with your funds and to look for ways to reduce
‘spending and waste. | also have the skills to conduct annual risk assessments and | can help your company
Create audit plans that address any issues the assessments reveal

Ihave excellent customer service and interpersonal skils. | know how to properly manage my time and | have
excellent problem solving skills. | am sure that | am the best applicant for this job and | look forward to meeting
with you to talk further about the position.

My contact number is (555) 555-5555.

Respectfully,
ine Scully

Tina Scully

‘Enclosure: Resume’
YOUR NAME

142 West Side Blvd.
Chicago, Uinois, 62739
(aza)as-a624
Your.Name@gmail.com
Saly 11, 2036
Hiring Manager's Name

342 Company Address
Palo Alto, California, 94301
(oo)moriox

hiring manager@gmail.com

Dear [Hiring Manager's Name],

In response to the posting for a Sales Manager at Epic Scope Technology, I am writing to
‘demonstrate my interest in this position since I believe I have the necessary expertise and
‘qualifications. Based on my many years in sales, marketing, management, and customer service,
Tam proficient and competent in my skills and knowledge.

As the previous Director of Sales at LT Design, I have had experience in recruiting, training, and
developing my sales team nationally. I understand what it takes to manage a team, develop
strong relationships with clients, efficiently meet sales quota, and maintain a vibrant and
ambitious attitude as a representative for my company.

For the past 3 years as the Director of Sales, I persistently exceeded quotas and generated sales
of at least $120,000 per fiscal quarter. I am confident in my abilities to do the same and
perform well for Epic Scope Technology. I've also managed a sales team and have trained each
of them to be a motivated sales representative for my company. I've successfully taught
strategic sales and operations to my team, applying effective sales tactics that have proven to
exceed quotas. With this managerial background, I can certainly achieve the same as a Sales
‘Manager for Epic Scope Technology.

understand Epic Scope Technology is growing rapidly in the tech industry, and you have
recently merged with Slackpot Productions Inc, which has a huge focus in both design and
technology. Thave been in the product design industry for many years and understand both
fields very well. With my industrial knowledge in both design and technology, I can easily and
effectively meet sales objectives for Epic Scope Technology.

tis with great interest and enthusiasm that I apply to this position. With my strong work ethic
and pro-activeness, [believe I can contribute a lot to Epic Scope Technology. Both my sales and
‘managerial background, in addition to my industrial knowledge, makes me the perfect fit for
this job.

‘Thank you for your time and consideration. I sincerely hope you will allow me the opportunity
to prove my skills and experience through an interview. [look forward to hearing from you,

Regards,
Your Name

[Sales Manger Cover Letter]
Mal VUES
12 Long Drive Lane sjenesi gmail com
Houston TN 77077
35 Aa
Date

(Contact Name)
(Contact
(Company Name)

Wompany Address)

(ity, State ZIP)
Dear Me /MrsJMs (ast Name?
n experienced server and systems adm
matching organizational expectations iand server uptime with the tough requirements attending new
hardware and application integration, [have attached my résumé in Word to illustrate my expertise

talents, As you Tl see, my strong experience positions me uniquely to sceve company name! asa serv

nistrator, L have workeil on numerous prajeets invelving,
In parieular the server migranan projects [have spearheaded demonstrate my abihty te pin the
process, tasks and costs aswell as hardware and application needs of hires pversion projects. |
know that I ean bring thisexpertise to your company in a way That will ad value to your organization
T would be interested in speaking with you to discuss the value that my strengths and experience ean
bring to leompany namel, | ean be reached in confidence at the above telephone number or
Hook forward t hearing from you

il adilress,
With best regards,
Jones

Enclosure: Résumé
dental technician cover letter example
Ryan Brown

Hiring Manager
Leamist Lig

30 Viva Street
London

65H T1CH

20 May 2014
Dear Sir/ Madam,

‘was extremely interested in your advertised role asa dental technician, and would like to be
considered for this postion

attended courses at college and trained for this role with excellent dental surgeons who are
the best in their field. [have also obtained significant experience working fora dental
surgery.

‘Tam very interested inthis area and am constantly looking to develop my knowledge and
sills inthis area. Ixead alot of dental journals regularly to update myself on new
developments

‘enjoy working in a team environment, and am a very highly motivated individual with
strong aspirations

‘The reason why I am interested in working for your surgery is that it has a extremely high
reputation, and has several patients who praise it highly. am highly ambitious and would
relish the opportunity to work for such an excellent organization. Yours staff are highly
stalled and noted inthe industry for being the best inthe field and I would like to develop my
career in line with my ambitions. Also T note that you have strong opportunities for
promotion

Tattach my CV with details of my past experience and education. Ihave also included my
references. I look forward to hearing from you.

‘Kind regards

‘Your name

‘Your Address


Customize your Resume

John Hloom
Graphic Designer
info@hloom.com, (123) 456 7899

Today’s Date

Ms Gill Cooper
OxiAID

123 Main Street
New York, NY 1001

Re: Fundraising Officer #422714

I wish to apply for the post of Fundraising Officer which I saw advertised on the Oxford University
Careers Service website. I am in my final year at Oxford University, studying Mathematics. I have a long-
standing interest in charity work and believe that I have the qualities and experience required to be a
successful fundraiser.

My enthusiasm for pursuing a career in this area stems from my interest in working with disadvantaged
young people, and my desire to make full use of my skills in motivating people to make a difference.
OxiAID has established its credentials working in some of the most challenging areas of social aid and
the government funding recently awarded to the organization is recognition of the success of its
philosophy. After my experiences with Jacari, I am attracted by the opportunity to help other young
people and to develop my fundraising skills in such an environment.

Motivating people to work with me towards a common, worthwhile goal is something that I find hugely
enjoyable and rewarding. As Marketing and Publicity Officer for the College Ball last year I was
extremely pleased that we had more applicants for tickets than ever before. I believe that the marketing
pack that I put together for potential sponsors played its part in attracting record levels of sponsorship.

One of the most rewarding aspects of being at Oxford has been the work I have done with Jacari. During
my time on the committee the number of volunteers involved in the project has increased by 50% and I
have enjoyed both the challenge of raising the profile of the society and my work with young people
themselves.

I would welcome the opportunity to discuss my application with you and look forward to hearing from

you.

Yours sincerely,
Your name
May 23, 2016
Nancee Koontz

Las Vegas, NV
Cell:702-327-5103. Emil: musicempowered@gmail.com

‘This letter is to express my interest in position you have open. Basedon my exceptional
customer senviceskills, relevant work history, and excellent office and organizational skills |
‘would be an excellent adcition to your profes ional team,

My resume highlights my skills and experiences in working in an Administrative Assistant and
Customer Service positions. | have mary years’ office experience, including considera ble
computer application history. | am organized and have a good eye for what needs to be done. |
am excellentat prioritizing and making sure deadlines are met. | enjoy working ina team
environment and have extensive experience working with the public and my customer service
skils are exceptional

| have worked at Williams-Sonoma Inc. asa Full servicecustomer servicerep with a specialty in
large furniture items shipped by freight. Ths is a position in a high volume call center and often
dealing with frustrated or upset customer and itis my jab to calm them down and make the
order and experience with the company the best! can, The call center takes approximately
50,000 calls week and | met or exceeded expectations every month | worked there. | enjoy
troubleshooting for my customers and have won awards for positive customer cormments,

In my position with Emerald Home Furnishings | continued using my furniture knowledge skills
torespond to consumer inquiries received by phone, fax, e-mail and order desk, Process orders
received by EDI, Web, phone, fax, e-mail and order desk; Review and process all orders for
shipping; Review warranty claims, make determination and issue proper credit, Process part
orders for warranty issues.

| have worked in several positions where | worked directly with the public, as a customer
senicerep ata furniture manufacturing and wholesale company, as an instructor at scrapbook
Conventions across the country, Event and activities director, and|| have volunteered with the
‘American Red Cross where I was on a Disaster Assistance Team(DAT).As a team member, |
‘went out into the community to assist families during andafter a fire or other disaster elated
events and help them with donated funds and community referrals to get back on their feet.
‘This direct work with assisting people is one of several reasons | enjoyed volunteering with the
‘American Red Cross, and had the privilege to be deployed nationally in 2011 to assist in
disaster recovery in Alabama and Minnesota, and the New York area

In allof my positions, both paid and volunteer, my excellent computer skills, attention to detail
and great customer service skills have made me an excellent employee. | have exceptional
references from previous supervisors. My resume is attached for your consideration.

Sincerely, Nancee Koontz
Robert Lackey

1 Main Street, New Cityland CA 91010
Home, (555} 322-7337
example-emaila exampie.com

RE: Customer Service Cierk, August 14, 2014

Dear Mr Hillam,
locking fora aynamic Customer Service Clerk? Seach ro further, be
the job. With over 10 years’ etpenence as aCu
make an immediate

lam reagy for
er Service Clerk, | will step inand
rtnbuten to Hiliamt's Delicatessen’s cortmued suc
Yeu ate seeking somecne who can provide cutstanding customer service and competently
use a pc, ard that is exactiy what! am prepared to do. As a Customer Service Clerk. Lam
proficent in 10 Key touch and Microsoft appheanens In agadion, lam nighly organized,
serv nented, and ceperdable
ec Iorward to meeting with you
position. In the meantim

mou

person this week and discussing the cetauls of this
please find my resume attached, References are available upon
DA 24-7

% fiesstelease

Press Release Contact information:
‘savetePabteing ne

Manager

Bor 1208,

Be Lake, CA

us ssa5

Voice: 49146 222656

EMat: Era us Hare

Wooete: Ws Our Wb

Sites Offer Free Resume Templates and Cover Letter Examples to Help Land Jobs
The economy may be in flux, But one thing hasn't changed: Employers stil expect applicants to submit an expertly formatted
resume, complete with a cover letter, if hey want to be seriously considered fora job.

BLUE LAKE, CA, October 09, 2008 /24-7PressRelease! ~ Savetz Publishing, Inc. now offers two Web sites of use to job-
seekers: resume lemplates at InstantResume Templates com and cover leer examples at CoverLeterExamples.net
{Gesides dozens of ampoyment elated cover letter, th ater site also includes laters fo accompany scholarship
applications, calege admissions and various ther stuations,)

Allof the resume templates and cover leer examples can be instantly downloaded and printed for free in .DOC format. The
files are fully editable in Microsoft Word and most other word processing programs.

“Competition for jobs is sti, and the applicants who stand out will be the ones who have made sure to highlight their skis
‘on a protessional-looking resume accompanied by a well-wrien cover letter,” said Kevin Savetz, the sites’ creator.
“InstantResumeTempiates.com and CoverLetterExamples.net are designed to make that part ofthe job hunt easier."

InstantResumeTemplates.com has dazens of sample resumes ready for job-seekers to customize, Some are
Chronologically organized and very professional resumes, well others are more creative and informal. Several ofthe designs,
are also appropriate for academic use, They are all available in both letter and Aa sizes.

‘The cover letter examples cover a wide variety of situations, from career change to responding to an onfine job posting.
‘There are also several articles on CoverLetterExamples.net with tips and advice on cover letter formatting, etiquette and,
other important detail.

‘The sites were created by Savetz Publishing, Inc., a company that creates high-quality, content-driven web sites.

Contact
KevinSavetz

‘Savetz Publishing, Ine

PO Box 1205,

Blue Lake, CA 95525

491 44222 655,
‘savetz@amai.com
btps/waw.savetzpublishing.com
RALPH STEIGER

544 Vancouver Street ¢ San Diego, CA 92107
(555) 555-5555 * email@email.com
Date

Name of Contact
Job Title

Name of Company
Street Address
City, State, Zip

Dear Last Name of Contact:

As a manager of technical operations and services, I understand exactly what it takes to drive successful business
growth: a keen understanding of problems, objectives, and priorities; a clearly defined strategy; a comprehensive
plan of attack; and an engaged and motivated team of people.

In my career, I combine vision-driven leadership with sound business acumen to outline a path focused on bottom
line profitability, cost control/improvement, and quality improvement measures. To complement the information
on my resume, I would like to draw your attention to the following accomplishments:

Dynainic history in achieving long-terin growth targets. Served as a prudent technology manager for

ished, venture capital and F500 c ies, playing@n integgal role in developing each company’s
positior d brand. Ad diti Tha: nestic.an al experience in delixerin 0

Carcerstrides:cora
ight quality a e

Chaimpioned client engagement initiatives to raise brand awareness of products and services. Driven customer
satisfaction and enhanced customer lifetime value through ongoing strategic conversations focused on
gathering and understanding detailed client requirements. Then, I delivered solution-focused technology
services / products that attained client objectives.

Lead high-caliber teams to deliver on time projects and within specifications. Throughout the years, I served
as a focused leader that placed value on human capital, successfully cultivating internal enthusiasm for client
projects and nurturing a culture of delivery excellence. Armed with this talent, my team and I seamlessly
established client trust. In return, we built credibility by consistently surpassing strategic milestones.

Based on these qualifications and those outlined in my resume, I am submitting my candidacy for <job title> within
your organization. I would enjoy the opportunity to meet with you in person, to learn more about your goals and
the challenges you are facing, and to discuss how I can leverage my expertise to support your objectives. You can

reach me at email@email.com to set up an interview. I look forward to speaking with you soon.

Sincerely,

Ralph Steiger

Enclosure

JACKIE ODELL

IT Department Jackie Odell
Christchurch 999999999
hello@kickresume.com

Christchurch

New Zealand

23/7/2018
Reference 99999939

With 25 plus years experience as an Technical Support, I am adept in the maintenance, upgrade,
and improvement of multiple systems. Moreover, while on the job experience has afforded me a
well rounded skill set, including first rate organization , I excel at:

¢ Installing and configuring computer hardware, software, systems, networks, printers and
scanners.

* Wrote and updated technical documents for team and other departments.

* Troubleshooting network or connectivity problems for users or user groups.

* Identifying the causes of networking problems, using diagnostic testing software and
equipment.

© Optimizing tools and procedures for managing the environment.

* Consulting with customers to quickly determine problems as well as future computer needs.

° Performing repairs quickly, correctly, and ethically.

* Disassembling systems and rebuilding or building new ones.

* Proficiency with networking and understand concepts such as VPN, DHCP, DNS, IPv4, IP
Subnets.

* Configured front end Cisco IP Phones and worked with the unified communications team

* Trouble shooting front end Citrix environment over an enterprise environment

* Studying for CCNA. Have worked on Cisco switches and Routers in my last job, so I know my
way around them

In reviewing the attached resume, you will note that I have acquired valuable experience in all
facets of troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance for various desktop operations,
hardware, and software. I possess a unique talent for delivering highly complex technical
information into terms and concepts that the end users can readily grasp. In addition to my
experience and personal qualities, I have a educational foundation and a passion for Network
Management. I excel under pressure, am skilled at building rapport with both colleagues and
customers, and proficiently handle complex technical issues.

Furthermore, I am multi-task oriented, enjoy a challenge, and continually stay abreast of the
latest advancements in the IT field.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Odell
Information Technology (IT) Cover Letter Sample
Jan. 1, 2018
Hiring Manager’s Name

123 Company Address
City, State, Zip Code
Gaad)xxxs00KK

hiring manager@gmail.com

Dear [Hiring Manager’s Name],

Recently, my former colleague was hired by [Target Company] as a member of the IT
Department, and said that [Target Company] was looking for additional members to join
their team. [Target Company] has a reputation of being an excellent place to work, as
well as being a place to challenge people well-versed in IT. I thrive under pressure and
‘embrace new challenges, and think I would make a great addition to the company.

Working in IT requires both technical knowledge and the ability to concisely
communicate with people. As an IT Support Analyst for Bain Consultants, I was
frequently engaged in software support for our clients, who I promptly and efficiently
helped with a diverse array of problems. I also assisted in implementing a new program
that streamlined service tickets, further boosting our Resolution Rate by 15%. In my
current IT Consultant role, I've successfully headed numerous projects with budgets
exceeding $2 million, while simultaneously providing topflight tech support and
infrastructure maintenance.
[Target Company] aspires to boost efficiency in their IT department. I have a track
record of doing so, and would be ecstatic to add my experience to the team. Regardless
of my role on [Target Company]'s IT staff, I am excited by the opportunity to get on
board and help achieve any short-term and long-term goals.

I would love the opportunity to come in for an interview and further discuss how I can
immediately contribute to the company. Please contact me at [PHONE] or via email at
[EMAIL] so we can arrange a suitable time to meet. Thank you for your consideration, I
look forward to hearing back from you.

Sincerely,
Your Name
retail pharmacy technician cover letter

In this file, you can ref cover letter materials for retail pharmacy technician position
such as retail pharmacy technician cover letter samples, cover letter tips, retail
pharmacy technician interview questions, retail pharmacy technician resumes...

Ifyou need more cover letter materials for retail pharmacy technician as following,
please visit: coverletter123.com

+ Top 7 cover letter samples

+ Top 8 resumes samples

+ Free ebook: 75 interview questions and answers
+ Top 12 secrets to win every job interviews

+ Top 15 ways to search new jobs

+ Top 8 interview thank you letter samples

Fa iasieiokc cls 7 ave Veli Sais, Naps ARAN ins as plow lois Wack TR Uren GSI Sand onanels
‘+ Nighishit | worked Radiology sola Routine X~ay, Portables, and Cat Scan

Titian Medical Stating (402) 382-5200

14509 § 1434d Stoel Si 5,
‘Omaha, NE 65137
Dac 9,2073 to 3/14:2014

+ Gallus Indian Medica! Canter, Diagnastic Imaging Department, 516 E, Nahon’ Bird, P.O.

Box 1337, Galup, NM 87301-1337 (605) 722-1162

+ December 9, 2073 f» March 14,2014,

+ Contact Labor under Titan Medical Staffing

+ Roulne, Fioroscopy, C-arm and Portables

+ My ShiftwWeokends (Friday, Saturday, Sunday, & Monday) 0530- 1700

+) Paton! from Room, Urgent Care, Fast Track, and Operating Room Emergancy

Baptist Health Medical Center (601) 887-3245
"800 Bypass Ra,
Heber Springs, AR 72543
Nav 2010 ta Nav 2012

+ Routine X-ray, Fuoroscapy, C-arm, Portables, & CT Scan (Non-Registred)

+ My CT skile was tram by Baptist Health Modieal Cantor Haber Springs Nov 2010 ta Apri
2011

+ My shits aro we
300,

“+ Hospital ea Trauma Clase 4 Rating
nights, Weekends, and Holiday, my shifts are 12hrs running Radiology

White River Medical Center (870) 257-so00

195 Hospital Dr.
CChwroxoo Vilage, AR 72529
‘Get 2010 fo Maren 2011

+ Radiologe Technologist Nurse Assstant

+ Perform diagnostic maging using standard equipment

“+ Prepared roams for examinations

+ Performed routine vial signs

+ Pravided assistanca fo Doctors ar Nurse

| My Job Status PRN for Urgent Care

Titian & RSI Medical Staffing (402)332-5200
44509 S Ward Ste
‘Omaha, NE 68137
‘Agri 2007 to Aug 2010
Stes,

1. Jonathan M. Wainwright Memonal VA Medical Canter, Wala Wala, Washinglon 99962
Contract Lator undar RSI Medical Staffing for Wala Wala VAMC
* Warked May 23, 2007 to August 24, 2007
* Rouline, Fuoroscopy, C-arm and Portables
Alina Rudimenko

IT Consultant - 4+ Years Experience
Thursday, February 1, 2018 Personal Info

Jacqueline Jackson

Address
HR Manager
3 350 5th Ave
Lansing, LTD
350 5th Ave New York, NY 10118
New York, NY 10118 Phone

Dear Jacqueline, 718-708-1622

E-mail
As a longtime user and fan of Lansing’s peerless cloud offerings, | was excited to see the alina.rudimenko@gmail.com
opening for an IT technician. With my experience as an award-winning IT tech for AWS, | know |

can use my skill set and knowledge to become a valuable member of the Lansing team. Linkedin

linkedin.com/in/alinarudimenko
In my current position with AWS, I've had many responsibilities and achievements that would
serve me well in a role at Lansing. AWS offers cloud services to their clients, many which have
similar counterparts at Lansing, such as their virtual machines and the machine learning catalog.
On top of that, my numerous projects there have often maintained an enviable position as A/B

testing winners, and I'm sure that I could garner similar results at Lansing, such as:

+ | identified new service-ordering solution which led to a client wait time reduction of 17% and
an increase in client satisfaction by 39%

* | assisted IT director with administration applications, reducing workload by 19%

Obtaining the IT technician position at Lansing would be my dream come true. I've long been a
fan and personal user of several of your SaaS offerings. In fact, Lansing's foolproof development
platform is what initiated my passion for information technology. Though | love coding and fixing
bugs with all my heart, there is no other IT firm that would make me as happy to work for. | know,

should | be honored with the position, that I'd be the envy of my circle of friends!

| would welcome the chance to discuss your current cloud platform objectives and show you how

my successes at AWS can translate into growth for Lansing.

Sincerely,

Alina Rudimenko

P.S. I'd love the opportunity to sit down with you and go over how | can bring similar results to the

12% productivity increase | achieved at AWS to the Lansing office, as well.
From
Lorenzo Hastings

Cell no. (131) 525 25:
fornechasings@cnainnal ‘com

To
Henry Wyatt
luman Resources
Crupp Software Ltd
72, Kindle Road
New Jersey, New York, USA

Dear Mr. Wyatt,

Leet totam Yas Sonn ie een capers tel vo poten sett
support specialist has recently opened up in your comp: sm interested i
Seu Cials Gove} oy aut WaIaTCR vas Wy pclae ab eel ua Tne tes

Ihave a vast experience of five years in this field, | joined Robust Software as a technical support
neta an afer ws yews, nd ar imreating he manager by my work, waa promoted ta
the position of technical support specialist. | provided technical support to all the officials of the

sihvpany. 1d inos of he oobi shooune io ie ster are enna no wnt nae cole

| was in charge fr computer systems and networking systems. instalation end updating on new
software was also under my care. | regularly reviewed the systems so there would be no problems
in thet functioning. As the specialist, bringing in new equipreent forthe offies was also m
responsibilty. | am good at handling teams of analyst and have an efficient pace of working,

{ican handle many more responsibilities in your company if you chose me for the job after the
interview, | would be available for the interview at whichever convenient date you chose Thank
you.

Sincere regards,

Lorenzo Hastings

Enclosures

1. Photocopy of resume
2, Photocopy of experience
Jesse KENDALL

TES Em Svea > ami FLSSI6S » SUS SSS SEES + (0) SEaTEaTET
E-mail eendallGratmailzem Linkedin rciles tt /wwsulinkedincomy pub

Web Technician * Web Content Management

‘More than nine years of experiance menaging corporate Web presences snd Web development projects. Knowledgeable
technical professional well versed in multiple IT discipines and converting Web content fiom Outdated platforms into
Updated ones. Experty provided technical consultation. production support aitisty, Wed development. witsiess
etworking electronic publishing, and hardware / Sofware support for smal to mecium-sized compare
/ Wieo Development / Systems intesration / Ente
ng / Test Panning & Excoution / eiotionsnip wienagement / Ser
ica! Documentation Best Practioes Metodatogies / Business Cons:

rise Cheage Conia
jalning & Support
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Web Technician, AGC INsrmuTz OMUNE, Miami, FL. 20% Present
Accourtablly 17 Mereasing operational productivity By cornpleting misfstion of al online Access datansee systems to
SQL Server 2000. Dasisn. develop, and prog/am various wed applications for company’s wed stes and web databases,

1 currently serve as Lead Coder on new marketing website designed to bonst student enroliment.

+ Bult template-based EBiest system trom seratch. allowing for easy exmalGistibution and resulting in eduction of
blocessing tne from 2 days to 20 minutes,

+ Inoreasec Admission Department's operational efficiency by slashing apalcation turnaround tes tough
{development an implementation of Miami Online ld) Portal System,

+ Develaped seeren functionally fr facuky members, but couise saheauling system, estaDiisned FTP fo
rosideo seven-day a week technical support for beth facuty members an students
‘Assistant Web Manager, ACD ENTERPRISES, Mlam FL, 20:4 - 20x
‘Assisted in the design. analysis, development. and’ maintenance of company Web sites. Gathered requirements for all
Content in noth corporate Intemnetintienet ancl cooicneted witn various departments to set up templates of the best
content management for users. Created custom Web graphies and layout using Fiteworks, Dreamwzaxer, Flas, ond
‘Adabe Photoshop, Deployed cavporate web ske and intranet collaborated with network group, assistea in testing and
Configuration of Web server administration, and set up the domain names of We sites. Tained Users in Web content
problem soling and oversaw Web content management throughout the compan

1 Reseaiched end! developed new Web technologies and techniques to realize benef of tne latest innovations,

chieve Inctessed efficiency, and provide highest quality products.
‘Improved interactviy, amie elements, and perscnelietion.
‘Achieved one milion hits onthe Web site evety month as a direct result oF search engine optimization.
Web Technician, COE MarwenNc Group, Mlam) FL, 20x — 20%
Designed automotive marketing applications; supervised team of 12 developers. Worked! on redesign of the Git
iogram; managed te reoaipt of claims and disbursement af warranty infarmation,
‘TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE
Operaung Systeme: MS Windows Vista, 2000, XF/=8, UN
Languages: XHTML, HTML. C35, PHP, ASP JaveSapt, SOL

Hardware: Local Aree Network \LAN, Peerto-Peer, Client/Server

Sonware: IMS office Wara, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access}, FrontPage, Adobe Dreamweaver
ImageReady, Photoshop. Flesh, Crystal Reports, SWISH, Cougar Mountain Sot

‘Took/Detebeses: Content Contact, Dacemal, PHP Amin, SQL, NYSQL
BACHELOR'S DEGREE COMPUTER SciNce, XYZUNWERSIY, Aa FL, 2008
Adam Job

M7-Main Street + Brooklyn. NY_LI11L + Tek: (718) 555-5555 + Cell: (917) 555-555:
job@ aol.com
A talented and skilled Information Technology professional experienced in administration and technical support

JUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

‘More than four years of experience in Information Technology.
© Adept at network and system administration and technical suppor.

‘© Knowledgeable in network optimization, memory management, and diagnostics,
‘© Highly familiar financial, business, and customer service systems.
Hard working, detail-oriented, able 1 multi-task efficiently
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
‘Operating Systems: DOS, Novell 3.12-5,1, Windows 95-2000/NT/MEJXP. Linux Mandrakes 8

Networking: LAN/WAN, TCPAP, 1/73, Fihernet, Token Ring, ARCNet, IPX/SPX

Hardware: Routers. switches. printers. network interface cards and drivers, PC assembly and repair
Word, Excel, PowerPoint, access, Oracle, Visual Basie
Jincer (CNE), Certified Novell Administrator (CNA)
ied Professional (MCP), NT 4.0 Server and Workstation
ied Professional (MCP), 2000 Server and Workstation (in progress)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIEN

‘Computer Associates Ine. Islandia, NY 1999 — present

Licensing and Technical Support

‘© Provide assistance to domestic and Intemational customers sith installation license registration issue for
‘more than 700 software products, Support Windows users, and some MVS us
Troubleshoot operating system, installation, software. and hardware problems for customers over the phone.
Walk customers through installation and registration processes. Mdentify issues, computer or user generated,

© Provide effective resolutions, Perform research into particular system or product to determine problem, Utilize
in-house systems to test installation and registration techniques and fixes
Clinton News, Brooklyn, NY 1998 1999

‘Computer Operator / Bookkeeper

‘© Responsible forall PC and software support for private business, Carried out installation, configuration, and
maintenance ofall hardware and applications, as well as small LAN systet

‘© Managed receipts, accounts payable and receivable, and financial reporting systems,
‘© Designed spreadsheets and templates, handled correspondence. and performed hank reconciliations,
‘The Chubh Institute, New York. NY 1999

Network Engineer and Data Communication Internship

‘© Carried out installation and configuration of NT servers and workstation, print servers, printers, and PCs,
Planned und designed LAN and WAN systems and TCP/P subnetwork mask

Built and managed network file systems, user and group accounts and security systems

Integrated Novell and NT environment, initiated Novell NetWare and IntranetWare Server/Client

‘Conducted troubleshooting and problem resolution for NetWare, NT, and PC network issues.

Performed memory and CPU upgrades,
iegrity Coordinator / Bookkeeper, Pathmark Stores. Brooklyn, NY (1991 1998)
CATION
(Computer and Network Technology. The Chubb Institute, 1999
BS in Chemistry, Al Tahir College, Pakistan (1995)
Keywords: Network Support, Network Engineer, Network Administrator. Systems Administrator, Network Help
Desk, Technology Support Specialist, IT Support, Technical Service, Systems Management, Network Management

 
Tips to write cover letter for
it technical lead

1, Select a Type of Cover Letter

‘There are several types of cover letters that can be sent to employers and contacts. Be sure to
choose a type of cover letter that reflects how you are applying for the job or the type of job
search assistance you are requesting. Your cover letter should be designed specifically for the
Purpose you are writing and customized for each position you seek

Available source: Top 7 cover letter samples
2. Include Keywords in Your Cover Letter

It's important to include skill, results and recognition keywords which match the description of
the job for which you are applying and attest to your credentials in your cover letter to increase
your chances of getting selected for an interview

3. Always send one!

The covering letter's job is actually two fold. At its basic level, the standard one-page covering
letter performs a simple courtesy function. It is a socially acceptable way of introducing you and

explaining which vacancy you're applying for or which area you are enquiring about. It also
provides the recruiter with a handy list of your contact details.

5 EAA A WL A a
Tips to write cover letter for
it technical lead (continue.

4, Provide quality evidence of your qualities
Pick out the top 3 or 5 (max) qualities the employer is seeking in their advert or job specification
if there is one. These should be qualities that you have already covered in your CV.

And they should be the 3 to 5 things that you refer to - not explain - briefly in your covering
letter. Provide concrete examples and solid numbers wherever you can.

5. First Paragraph and last line
Don't waffle in your first paragraph, make the reason you're writing clear and sell yourself;
writing what makes you better than others straight off. Finish with a call to action, request they
contact you fora meeting or interview and let them know you will be in touch to discuss.
6. Talk about the company

Do some research into the company’ organisation and include information about them.
Specifically tell them what you are impressed with and what attracts you to them.

5 EAA A WL A a
JIMMY L. RHYNE
Sealy, TA 774741814
eI: 713-065-2608 HM 979-885:0007
ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
+ Technical support liaison with Nortel TAC + Design, plan, configure, implement, monitor and
organization, maintain multi-user, muti-site Norte! telephany
networks.
+ Lead ratein engineering and problem resolution
practices used by the fied for more complex + Responsible tor ensuring the delivery of voice
products and applications. Lead tor all phases Projects and services through etfecive and
St voice projects Eclent worklow processes.
+ Technical support for Customer Solutions + incorporated innovative solutions info current
Center technicians and customers voice network platforms, and provided technical
txpertise and guidance fo vatee technology
+ SWIHW beta testing for Vendor and team members and vendors. *

Manufacturer.
+ Self-starer, detailed oriented, organized and
‘+ Subject matter expert in TOM and IP Telephony, able to manage time efficiently,
Voicemail, legacy PBX migrations, ACD, and
SIP, voice networking

+ Excellent customer service. interpersonal,
verbal and written communications skills

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

2011-Present Principal Consultant Rhyne Communications Houston, TX
Nortel products consulting, Technical Suppor Salea Engineering and training

2008-2011 Sr. Tech. Support Manager Litton Loan Servicing Houston, TX

[SME on Nortel preducts and ineraperabilty for Ihe Genesys Solution Center Implemented Branch Office installation
[and integration of OR sitein Ania Managed deparment during upper management transiton, Lead i cocrdinaing
‘and Beta testing of SIP implementation ta the desktop for itegration wilh Genesys SIP Server GVP, etc

2002-2008 Sr. Tech. Support Engineer BENS Brecksville, OH
[SME on Nerfel Gore proctucts and iteroperamity forthe Saluton Center. ea tec tile prime for GSC. Lacon wth
GTS & 2 level support. Mentoring existing Novel engineers. Trainng the entry-level reps in the Solution Center,
Installation supper for the fed, NP! @ assistance,

3999-2002 Channel Support Engineer Nortal Networks: Houston, TX
Primary technical Faison between Norel and Nextra Technical Assistance Centers Mentered Nextra engineers,
[New Product Inroducton Engineer. Arpitraed resolurions fo cutstanding issues,

3993-1999 Telecom’Project Manager Keleey-Seybo'd Clinic Houston, TX
Managed the Telecam operation fer Kelsey-Seybord Cinics. Supplied Teenhieal Supprt fer Hild teohncians
Managed project othe transition tothe voice network, to Inchide RFP process, design. and implememtaton

 
L$
CHLOE RODRIGUEZ

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 example-emall@example.com
Dear Mr, Van Allen

As a high-performing Executive Assistant, | read your posting for a new Executive Assistant with interest. My
‘experience aligns well with the qualifications you are seeking at Van Allen Fumiture, in particular my role as
Executive Assistant at PRA Architects, and | am certain | would make a valuable addition to your organization.

With eight years’ experience as an Executive Assistant, | am adept in research and meeting support as well
‘as document, report, and presentation development. Moreover, while my on-the-job experience has afforded
‘me a well-rounded skill set, including first-rate wrting and organization skills, | excel at

Developing improved data management and calendar systems,
Routing vital documents promptly to ensure no issues arise.

Creating expense reports, trend analysis, and presentation that facilitate executive decision-making,
Planning complex events and project meetings,

{In addition to my experience and personal qualities, | have a solid educational foundation and a passion for
‘executive administration and support | am extremely enthusiastic about Van Allen Furniture's focus on the
high end market and would welcome the opportunity to contribute to your ongoing success.

Please review my attached resume for additional details regarding my expertise and career achievements,
will follow up to request an appointment to discuss how my experience and background meets your needs

‘Tank you for your time and consideration,

Sincerely,

Chloe Rodriguez
‘Syecks sre nit nd manasement fumes portant
‘ik bgspei nears ri

a ery

ate
‘Sample Lab Technician Cover Letter

Name:
Annie Ful
78 Silver Oak Apartments
Canal Road

anton
Ohio 585990

Contact Numb
1013307685876/ 0013308697875
Email:anne fullmer@example.com

July 41h 2051

To
Tho Hing Manat
lock Forensics
76 Hartnnger Road
Garter Street

Canton
Ohio 7856949
Dear Si/ Madam,

‘Subject: Application fro the post ofa lab technician,
Reference: Advertisement on www.example.com

i Us EEPE Jear Oi Ron Aen He sm aan woe nmeN
tn tho rocont past come acrass an ecveicamen on fre website wi.example.com egarang.
the ongoing recruitment process of hiring a lab fechnian.

‘asp to apply fortis post of ia tectnicen and work wih your company and bring ito rash
and experiments. | have five years of experience which | have summarized in
this letter

passed out of the University of Ohio in 2006. That same year, | took up a job in H.D.S.C

implementing mach of what! Rave acquired ino my work | Dope yo
consider my ability as an asset

| thus hope | have convined you of my capability. | deliver what | promise and promise what |
deliver. | am a solid wall the problems and crisis and have learnt to tackle them with ease. | have

become proficient in my field and can do my job most effectively. | hope we can schedule a
‘personal interview so we can discuss further on these lines.

Thanking You
Yours sincerely
Annie Fullmer


Sample Lab Assistant Cover Le
Nowe 24,2011

At ake
200 Senor Drie,
hmone, NC ATIC
rad anima com

Src Jones
(hier Chemie

Milo Chemical Laborato,
30 Lamar Avenue,
hare, NC 2836

Dear Mr fone,

Thins wth ference to your avetiement in “The Calin Scoop, dated Nove 24, 2011,
‘avg ppiraon forthe potion oa ab ase ets son of you ep
nematon

am nested i the sad posto an hiss coer ete 1th fest. | hae to sea of
experience ay. lb asa an a ekg employment wih ne ofthe et Known ates in his
linea work
1am wl ered withthe succes eco
abet pera of feet shoal
‘seve for tsting als of et, tntaning cords fen an ducati of ter
‘cesar paperwork [an ally aware fal he leant sty ces eal ad tech aad,
‘nd staid snes paces employed i ts ie of work Ta ay cent with zation
‘fthe borat, opt fal the machinery th lh and wok wih vero elated
Ths positon I havean eye for dea ab well as or bysene
‘My academic qusicatons inca an associate's dee in abortion shee, Present.
fusing degre im cheat ap ete stant on the Univer of No Casing
{aro al he edcaonal and expen eqns x mento the sad
dserinement
Inoue pct experense working with repute a Hk yous ge the oppor wil
‘pul abs vo de all aplication wth you ganization Tha tached my esume wih is
over ete, Yow can ge in tah wi eo he leone mane he email es mene
Seve

‘Yours Scare,
(srr aa
eyefinity /OfficeMate OSSU

OfficeMate Software Solutions
University

Assessment Guide: 800 VSP Interface

1.

What information must be recorded in Setup>Business Names>Provider/Staff tab> Insurance Info button for
the Pin #, Group #, and Submitter ID?

1 A. NPI Number

OB. Tax ID

OC. VSP Doc ID

OD. Office ID

How do | bill VSP if a patient comes in for an exam one day, and returns for a follow up appointment the
next week?

OA. Use the same authorization.

Bill VSP on Eyefinity’s Web site.

Get a split authorization.

Oo
oO
Oo You cannot bill two authorizations through the VSP Interface.

DP ge

Do | need to contact Eyefinity for my Office ID and to activate the interface?

OA. No, your interface is automatically activated and your Office ID is recorded in OfficeMate.
OB. Yes, call Customer Care.

O ©. Yes, call the Training Department.

OD. Yes, call Eyefinity.

In the Patient Demographics window, on the Insurance tab, what is the Policy Type for VSP?
OA. Other

OB. Commercial

O C. Group

OD. Individual Policy

Where do you map the labs that your office uses to send VSP lab orders?
OA. VSP Download Lists

1 B. VSP Product Mapping

OC. Rx Eyewear Order

1D. Third Party Processing

Where do you record the patient’s entire social security number on the Patient Demographics>Insurance
tab?

0 A. Insured ID

OB. Policy Group Number

O ©. Plan Name

OD. None of the above

Answer Key: 1-C, 2-C, 3-D, 4-A, 5-B, 6-A

theannweb.com
Nicholas Olson
1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell: (555) 322-7337
‘example-email@example.com

Dear Mr. Hardy,

‘Asa highly skilled and resourceful Agricultural Field Technician, I read your posting for a new
Agricultural Field Technician with interest. My experience aligns well with the qualifications you are
seeking at Quist Agricultural Engineering, in particular my role as Agricultural Field Technician at
‘AgPro, and I am certain I would make a valuable addition to your organization.

With more than 11 years’ experience as an Agricultural Field Technician, I am adept in testing,
calibration, and maintenance of agricultural field equipment. Moreover, while my on-the-job
experience has afforded me a well-rounded skill set, including first-rate project and time management
abilities, I excel at:

Setting up and maintaining testing equipment at remote field locations.
Calibrating instrumentation, controls, and equipment.

‘Work with engineers to plan and develop improved testing protocols.
Assisting product development team by collecting real-world data.

In addition to my experience and personal qualities, I have a solid educational foundation and a
passion for product development. I am extremely enthusiastic about Quist Agricultural Engineering's
focus on meeting customer needs and would welcome the opportunity to contribute to the ongoing
improvements, optimizations, and updates to your exceptional agricultural equipment product line.

Please review my attached resume for additional detalls regarding my expertise and career
achievements. I will follow up to request an appointment to discuss how my experience and
background meets your needs.

‘Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Nicholas Olson
JOE VOLUNTEER

559 North 54 Street Make Believe, CA 55955
Cell Phone: 555-555-5555 email: jvolunteer@qmail.com
KEY QUALIFICATIONS

Creative and dedicated professional with more than five years’ experience working in all aspects of business:
management, marketing, budget control, inventory, and bookkeeping. Proven work ethic, communication, and
organizational skills, with a passion for sustainable business development. Past overseas experience working with
micro-credit lending in India.

Business Experience
Pander Bread Smith Make Believe, CA

Manager September 201 1-Present
e Manage a crew of 10 staff members for 20 hours a week -nearly 2,000 hours of total experience
e Keep restaurant fully staffed and operational by writing and implementing weekly employee schedule
« Analyze restaurants needs and sales history to order inventory and keep supplies stocked

Credit and Lending Deli, India
Micro-Credit loan Officer Summer 2012

e Worked full time three months summer internship for a total of 500 hours

e Used social media and distributed posters to market available funding opportunities

e Educated local community about how to apply for a loan and expectations of repayment

e Balanced budgets, updated accounts on accrued interest, and went to the field to monitor project

New Beats DJ Business Somewhere, CA
Co-owner 2009-201 1

e Provided music and entertainment at more than 30 parties and private events

e Effectively used social media to build relationships with clients, market my business, and keep up with
industry trends

e Negotiated basic contracts and price quotes, sent bills and collected payments, and educated myself on
some business tax regulations

Training/Tutoring/ Volunteer Experience
ABC Fraternity Somewhere, CA

Involvement Chair Sept. 2012-Present
e Developed curriculum for new members to learn about service and the fraternity’s history
e Taught over 200 hours of the five-hour training module for new members

Sustainable Soap Somewhere, CA
Co-Founder March 2012-Present

e Gathered soap and shampoo from local hotel chains to donate to homeless shelters
e Founded a sustainable volunteer project for local fraternity still in existence
e Collected over 300 bottles of shampoo and 500 bars of soap for charity

Charities R Us Somewhere, Ml
Tutor March 2009

e Tutored English to refugees during school break for National Honor Society
e Gained 50 hours of volunteer service required for high school graduation

goodpeoplegofar.com

Resume
chernobyltwentyfive.org

Suggested Cover Letter for Author Journal Submission

Dear [publisher or editor name],

Enclosed is a manuscript to be considered for publication in [Journal name]. The
research reported in this manuscript has been funded through the National Institutes of
Health and therefore its publication must comply with the NIH Public Access Policy
(http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT-OD-08-033.html).

In order to ensure compliance with the NIH policy, I, as corresponding author on behalf
of all the authors, am retaining the rights to:

e

Provide a copy of the authors’ final manuscript, including all modifications from
the publishing and peer review process, to the NLM’s PubMed Central (PMC)
database at the time the manuscript is accepted for publication; and

To authorize NIH to make such copy of the manuscript available in digital form
for public access in PMC no later than____ months (indicate 0 to 12 months) after
publication.

To prepare derivative works from the manuscript;

To authorize others to make any use of the manuscript provided that it is not sold
for a profit and that the author receives credit as author and the journal in which
the manuscript has been published is cited as the source of first publication; and
To distribute copies of the manuscript in connection with teaching and research
by the author and by the author’s employer.

By accepting this manuscript for review, [publisher name] accepts these terms and agrees
that the terms of this agreement are paramount and supersede any provisions in any
publication agreement for this article, already signed or to be signed at a later date, that
may conflict.
(Signature of corresponding author on behalf of all authors)
Jesse Kendall
123 Elm Street | Miami, FL, 33183 | Cell: 305-444-4444 | jkendall@notmail.com

Traveling Nurse

Solution-oriented and dedicated nursing professional with proven versatility in the various aspects of critical
care. Exemplary communicator who demonstrates professionalism and compassion when working with patient,
their families, and other health-care professionals.

Nursing Experience

09/20xx to 11/20xx

06/20xx to 09/20xx

12/20xx to 06/20xx

(04/20xx to 12/20xx

ABC MEDICAL CENTER, Miami, FL
Registered Nurse / Travel Nurse: Progressive Care Unit

Provided post-surgery nursing care services to cardiac patients within 33-bed step-down
unit from ICU and CCU. Assisted CABG patients and provide nursing care to address acute
coronary syndrome, deep vein thrombosis, congestive heart failure, and myocardial infarct.

+ Pioneered the introduction of a swarm team comprising technicians, nurses, and case
managers, charged with immediate response to newly admitted patients.

BCD MERCY HOSPITAL, Columbus, OH

Registered Nurse / Travel Nurse: Progressive Care Unit

Administered specialty drug infusions for nitroglycerin, dopamine, Integrilin, and insulin.
Assessed patient health problems and needs, developed and implemented nursing care
plans, and maintained medical records.

+ Conferred with cardiologists and medical doctors to report and discuss patient changes,
lab values, and emerging patient needs.

CDE MEDICAL CLINIC, Madison, WI

Registered Nurse / Travel Nurse: Cancer Care Unit

Delivered chemotherapy administration for cancer patients in a 33-bed unit. Completed
PRBCs, platelets, and immunoglobulin infusions, assessing patients’ reactions to
chemotherapy drugs and blood products with high-risk side effects.

+ Elevated patient satisfaction through collaboration with nursing staff and support team to
deliver procedural enhancements.

EFG HEALTH SERVICE, Sacramento, CA

Registered Nurse / Travel Nurse: Cancer Care Unit

Managed patient pain, continually re-evaluating pain management regimens. Conterred
with medical staff to provide the best outcomes possible. Handled patient and family
member questions and concerns. Controlled inventory and availability of necessary
supplies for patient care.

Nursing Credentials
Associate Degree, Nursin,
Certification: RN Certification, CPR, ACLS, PALS, BLS, Chemotherapy

‘erritos Community College, Norwalk, CA, 20xx
Creating a Compelling Cover Letter

Gembloong com
Jesse Kendall
123 Elm Street | Miami, FL, 33183 | Cell: 305-444-4444 | jkendall@notmail.com

Traveling Nurse

Solution-oriented and dedicated nursing professional with proven versatility in the various aspects of critical
care. Exemplary communicator who demonstrates professionalism and compassion when working with patient,
their families, and other health-care professionals.

Nursing Experience
09/20xx to 11/20xx

06/20xx to 09/20xx

12/20xx to 06/20xx

04/20xx to 12/20xx

ABC MEDICAL CENTER, Miami, FL
Registered Nurse / Travel Nurse: Progressive Care Unit

Provided post-surgery nursing care services to cardiac patients within 33-bed step-down
unit from ICU and CCU. Assisted CABG patients and provide nursing care to address acute
coronary syndrome, deep vein thrombosis, congestive heart failure, and myocardial infarct.

+ Pioneered the introduction of a swarm team comprising technicians, nurses, and case
managers, charged with immediate response to newly admitted patients.

BCD MERCY HOSPITAL, Columbus, OH

Registered Nurse / Travel Nurse: Progressive Care Unit

Administered specialty drug infusions for nitroglycerin, dopamine, Integrin, and insulin
Assessed patient health problems and needs, developed and implemented nursing care
plans, and maintained medical records.

+ Conferred with cardiologists and medical doctors to report and discuss patient changes,
lab values, and emerging patient needs.

CDE MEDICAL CLINIC, Madison, WI
Registered Nurse / Travel Nurse: Cancer Care Unit

Delivered chemotherapy administration for cancer patients in a 33-bed unit. Completed
PRBCs, platelets, and immunoglobulin infusions, assessing patients’ reactions to
chemotherapy drugs and blood products with high-risk side effects.

+ Elevated patient satisfaction through collaboration with nursing staff and support team to
deliver procedural enhancements.

EFG HEALTH SERVICE, Sacramento, CA

Registered Nurse / Travel Nurse: Cancer Care Unit

Managed patient pain, continually re-evaluating pain management regimens. Conterred
with medical staff to provide the best outcomes possible. Handled patient and family
member questions and concerns. Controlled inventory and availability of necessary
supplies for patient care.

Nursing Credentials
Associate Degree, Nursin,
Cerritos Community College, Norwalk, CA, 20xx
Certification: RN Certification, CPR, ACLS, PALS, BLS, Chemotherapy

Creating a Compelling Cover Letter

Gembloong com
The Damn Good Resume: http://www.damngood.com by Yana Parker is an example of many
sites that contain advice and examples for crafting effective resumes.

Scannable Resumes

Many employers are now using the latest technology to review resumes. ff you want to increase
the chances of your resume being rewewed and considered for open positions, you should make
sure it is a scannable resume. This enables employers to electronically file your resume and then
track it by using keywords. In order for employers who use this new technology to be able to
locate your resume quickly, you should put it in scannable form. Click here for additional
suggestions and examples to assist you in preparing a scannable resume.

http://jobsearchtech. about.com/od/gettingthe|ob/a/ How ToMakeResume. htm
Resume Tips

1. Begin with a clear objective that states exactly what you want. If you don’t have a clear
objective, skip it — presenting a vague one will not help you.

If you are an entry-level employment seeker, your resume should include an objective
statement because your work history may not clearly define your goals. This can be as simple as
stating the position for which you are applying.

If you choose to write a Qualifications Summary it should relay your key qualifications.
This will enable the hiring manager to immediately recognize your goal. If you have been working
in the same career field for a lengthy period of time and want to continue on this track, the
summary statement is a good way to send the message, “this is who | am’, rather than “this is
who I'd like to be”.

Example of Objective Statement for Entry Level Worker:
Dedicated DelTec graduate pursuing position of Machinist.

Example of Qualifications Summary:
Talented and dependable Machinist, skilled in all aspects of industrial assembly machin ery within
production oriented environments.

2. Examine job postings to learn which skills employers are looking for. Be sure to highlight your
relevant skills to the posted position. Your goal is to sell your skills so there is no question in the
employer's mind that you are right for the position.

3. Keep your resume brief and to the point. Use plain simple English that gets your point across
quickly.

4. Don't describe details of prior jobs; rather, explain what you accomplished. Your
achievements are what will make you stand out to an employer. List specific accomplishments.
For example, perhaps you implemented a new process of some kind that resulted in saving time
and/or money.

5. Other than your primary skill(s), master machinist or senior auto mechanic, for example,
mention additional skills used on the job, such as managing the shop when the boss was away,
or taking the initiative to work with customers and explain a product or service. Don't forget to
mention relevant courses or training you have taken to update your skills.
2. Document Information

This chapter contains document-level meta-data, such as the glossary and a list of Word bookmarks
(macros known throughout the document).

2.1 Glossary

The terminology used in describing the system components has varied significantly from person to
person. To avoid ambiguity and confusi itical defined h
Complete path A sequence of nodes and branches starting from a root node and ending with a

leaf node.

MRO Maintenance, repair and operation

Path A sequence of nodes and branches

Partial path A sequence of nodes and branches starting from a root node and not ending
with a leaf node.

Partial Tree A tree containing one or more partial paths. Note that this implies that a partial
tree contains a root node.

Shopping Any combination of navigation of existing trees, searching of catalog index and
browsing of catalog pages.

Sub-tree One or more paths with a common parent node. Note that this does not imply
that the sub-tree contains a root node — it may or may not.

Tree A directed graph with a root node and one or more branch and/or leaf nodes

2.2 Document History

The following table shows the history of the document. The most recent changes are shown at the top.
“Date =. | Author “| Version [Status |“: - ‘Comment -
July 31, 2001 Brian Roe 1.0d Draft _| Extended Assist processing section
July 29, 2001 Brian Roe 1.0c Draft | Combined docs for patent app
October 2, 2000 Brian Roe 1.0b Draft _| Major Update
June 23, 2000 Brian Roe 1.0a Draft | Initial draft
2.3 Document Maintenance.

This document was created with Microsoft Word 2000. The following bookmarks are utilized in the title
page, header and footer lines and other places:
Bookmark Variables, | Value... =» Ee
CacheName IntelleCache
CreateDate June 23, 2000
DocAuthor Brian Roe

DocStatus DRAFT

DocName Technical Specification
ProductName | IntelleCat
MatchName | IntelleMatch
VersionNo | 1.0d

www.zamislisrbiju.org
Cath Lab Technician Resume

Stephanie Ross

1213 Columbia Road 61
Charlottesville, VA, 22901
(444)-123-1244
s.ross@emailaddress.com

Objective: Secure a challenging position as a Cath Lab Technician in a growing organization.
Summary of Skills:

Profound knowledge of all cardiovascular medications

Familiar with all types of procedures performed in the cardiac cath lab
Sound knowledge of aseptic technique

Amazing ability to communicate well with patients

Great physical ability to sit and stand for extended periods

Remarkable clear vision at 20 or more feet with vision corrective device

Work Experience:

Cath Lab Technician, August 2005 to till date
Meridian Health, Charlottesville, VA

Prepared the EP Lab procedure rooms by ensuring the availability to
adequate stock of supplies.

Assisted EP Lab staff in lab operation procedures!

Transported and escorted stabilized: patients to nursing units.
Assigned to pull sheaths and holding manual pressure.

Assisted in cleaning and.assembling equipment.
Cath Lab Technician, May 2000 to July 2005
Department of Workforce Services, Charlottesville, VA

Performed routine Quality Control calibrations on equipment reports to the supervisor.
Analyzed arterial and venous blood gases and respired gas samples through the operation of
automatic analyzing equipment.

Determined the patient's cardiac output, metabolic rate and oxygen percolation.

Provided assistance in observing patient's physical condition, blood-related factors and EKG.
Alerted physician of abnormal conditions, recorded and monitored blood pressures received
through catheters.

Education:

Bachelor's Degree in Health Sciences, University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, OH
Resume for Key positions in HRM/IR/OD

& «919962 506757
1B jchamotharane@email.com
Greer Objective
In quest of toplevel executive / business partner position in a dynamic organization wath fair objectives
Where | can utlize my skils and expentence to identify nght talent, develop, motivate, lead and encourage
team work to promote business and individual growth through mutual interest and agreement by
achieving excellence in HRM and Organizational Development.

Professional Summary

Expert in implementing extensive human capital management practices with applied knawledge in
efficient manufacturing processes which provide vital support in development and implementation of HR
strategy that can attract and retain potential human talent, develap mothvated teams and promote a
positive work environment for achieving business goals,

Education

MBA, HR from University of Madras, Chennai (2006),
‘= MSc. (Applied chemistry from National institute of Technology, Tiuchirappall (1993)

Computer Skills

(MS Office applications & SAP applications

Employment History

Present Organization; Best Cast T Limited, Chennai (Since August 2007)
Busnes (Manufacturing and marketing of fully machined aluminum die castings
Customers: ‘Automotive, Power Transmission & Distribution and General Engineering
Employees: 380

Curtent Role. Senior Manager HR and OO

Reporting to Dreetors

Previous Organization: MAF Limited, Chennai (Period: June 1994 to August
2007)

Busnes Manufacturing and marketing of automotive tyres & tubes, flaps and pretreads
Customers: Automotive. Thermal pawer plant, Cement / Steel plants, Mines and Ports

Role & Period: Dificer Production (Arakonam rar)

Employees: ws

Reporting to: Production Manager

Concise Job Responsibilities

Page Loft

 
%
Robin Smith

Manager of HR

Glenn pharmacy Limited

36 Tango Charlie Drive
‘Oklahoma City, Florida 2380

Dated: 3" of June 20%x
‘Subject: Applying forthe position of a pharmacy technician

Respected Mr. Smith,

‘This is to bring to your notice | am interested in securing the position of a pharmacy technician in your
organization. | am aware about the requirement in your organization in a similar position and believe
that | have the qualities that make me suitable for this job position.

| have vast experience in the field of pharmacy comprising of a total of fe years. | have worked in
reputed licensed pharmacies and performed job duties lke stocking shelves with medicines, ensuring
that there are required amount of medicine in stock. | have also attended the calls of visitors as well as
‘customers. | have worked in pharmacies of various kinds of heath organizations lke hospitals, nursing
homes and also in retail pharmacies. | am aware about the operational process of all kinds of
pharmacies and this will be an advantage for your organization i | am hired.

|lam enclosing my resume which wil give an idea about my qualfications and detailed information
‘about my work experience. Will wait for your positive response.
EDMUND WATSON

T Main Street, New Gityland, CA 91010 | | C:(555) 322-7337 | exampie:
emailaexample.com
Dear Mr. Dean,

write in response to your ad seeking an experienced Automotive Technician at
Dean Auto Repair. As a highly competent Automotive Technician, | would bring a
service focused and hard-working altitude to this role.

in my current position, | efficiently and accurately repair ¢ wide range of vehicle
systems including engines, brakes, and HVAC. | have a knack for problem solving
and work well independently and with little oversight. !am analytical, have a
good mathematica! aptitude, and am frienaly and helpful to everyone.

lam a self-starter and excel at diagnosing system malfunctions, maintaining
optimum pars inventories, ang completing alinecessary paperwork. | am familiar
with proper standards of care in automolive repair and learn new procedures
quickly. As a part of the team at Dean Auto Repair, | hope fo serve your customers
well and your business by maintaining high standards for performance and
customer satistaction,
My resume and references are attached, Please feel free to contac! me at your
earliest convenience to discuss the position and your needs in detail

Sincerely,

Edmund WatsonSuggested Cover Letter for Author Journal Submission

Dear [publisher or editor name],

Enclosed is a manuscript to be considered for publication in [Journal name]. The
research reported in this manuscript has been funded through the National Institutes of
Health and therefore its publication must comply with the NIH Public Access Policy
(http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT-OD-08-033.html).

In order to ensure compliance with the NIH policy, I, as corresponding author on behalf
of all the authors, am retaining the rights to:

Provide a copy of the authors’ final manuscript, including all modifications from
the publishing and peer review process, to the NLM’s PubMed Central (PMC)
database at the time the manuscript is accepted for publication; and

To authorize NIH to make such copy of the manuscript available in digital form
for public access in PMC no later than ___ months (indicate 0 to 12 months) after
publication.

To prepare derivative works from the manuscript;

To authorize others to make any use of the manuscript provided that it is not sold
for a profit and that the author receives credit as author and the journal in which
the manuscript has been published is cited as the source of first publication; and
To distribute copies of the manuscript in connection with teaching and research
by the author and by the author’s employer.

By accepting this manuscript for review, [publisher name] accepts these terms and agrees
that the terms of this agreement are paramount and supersede any provisions in any
publication agreement for this article, already signed or to be signed at a later date, that
may conflict.
(Signature of corresponding author on behalf of all authors)
To Whom It May Concern:

It appears that a long-standing effort by a segment of the research industry opposed to proper
consideration of alternatives, specifically the USDA-mandated literature search, is continuing in this
forum. Attached and below are my comments on this subject submitted to NIH in May of 1999. | look
forward to the opportunity to provide additional input at the Dec. 9 and 10 meeting in Washington, DC.
Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,

Cathy Liss, President
Animal Welfare Institute
PO Box 3650
Washington, DC 20027
Phone: 703-836-4300
Fax: 703-836-0400

www.awionline.org
Date: May 10, 1999
To: National Institutes of Health, regburd@od.nih.gov

From: — Cathy Liss, Executive Director and Adam Roberts, Research Associate
Animal Welfare Institute

Re: Comments on the Report on Regulatory Burden, VI. Animal Care and Use

On behalf of the Animal Welfare Institute I am writing to register our strong opposition to the “Section VI. Animal
Care and Use” of the Report on Regulatory Burden and to express outrage at those who seek to dismantle the
current sound laws and regulations enforced by the U.S. Department of Agriculture

The Animal Welfare Institute seeks to reduce the sum total of pain and fear inflicted on animals by people. We are
not an anti-vivisection organization. We seck humane treatment of animals in the laboratory and support the
universally-accepted “3 R’s” (replacement of experimental animals by alternatives, refinement to reduce pain and
suffering when animals are still used, and reduction of numbers of animals used). We produce a quarterly
newsletter and books such as Comfortable Quarters for Laboratory Animals and Environmental Enhancement for
Caged Rhesus Macaques which we make available free of charge to research facilities.

The use of animals in research includes a weighty responsibility to ensure the best possible care and treatment for
these animals whose lives will be sacrificed following experimentation. Animals who are treated well will produce
more sound research results with a lower variance. (“The Benefits of Giving Experimental Animals the Best
Possible Environment” by Michael Chance and William Russell, Comfortable Quarters for Laboratory Animals,
pages 12-14) However, there is a segment of the research community who do not wish to be regulated or who
would like to reduce the regulatory requirements imposed on them.

In 1995, following widespread public concern and extensive documentation of the need for legislation and of the
failure of institutions to self-regulate, hearings in both the House of Representatives and the Senate, and careful
consideration and negotiation, Congress adopted the Improved Standards for Laboratory Animals amendment to the
Animal Welfare Act. Many researchers and the lobbyists who represented them fought against this law, as those
before them fought against the Laboratory Animal Welfare Act of 1966 (later re-named the Animal Welfare Act).
Having lost that battle, opponents fought against regulations for enforcement of the law until weakened regulations
were finally adopted four years later, Now a new avenue is being pursued, to wipe out as much of the Animal
Welfare Act as possible under the guise of “regulatory burden”.

Following are my specific comments:
forum. Attached and below are my comments on this subject submitted to NIH in May of 1999. | look
forward to the opportunity to provide additional input at the Dec. 9 and 10 meeting in Washington, DC.
Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,

Cathy Liss, President
Animal Welfare Institute
PO Box 3650
Washington, DC 20027
Phone: 703-836-4300
Fax: 703-836-0400

www.awionline.org
Date: — May 10, 1999
To: National Institutes of Health, regburd @ od.nih.gov

From: — Cathy Liss, Executive Director and Adam Roberts, Research Associate
Animal Welfare Institute

Re: Comments on the Report on Regulatory Burden, VI. Animal Care and Use

On behalf of the Animal Welfare Institute I am writing to register our strong opposition to the “Section VI. Animal
Care and Use” of the Report on Regulatory Burden and to express outrage at those who seek to dismantle the
current sound laws and regulations enforced by the U.S. Department of Agriculture

The Animal Welfare Institute seeks to reduce the sum total of pain and fear inflicted on animals by people. We are
not an anti-vivisection organization. We seek humane treatment of animals in the laboratory and support the
universally-accepted “3 R’s” (replacement of experimental animals by alternatives, refinement to reduce pain and
suffering when animals are still used, and reduction of numbers of animals used). We produce a quarterly
newsletter and books such as Comfortable Quarters for Laboratory Animals and Environmental Enhancement for
Caged Rhesus Macaques which we make available free of charge to research facilities.

The use of animals in research includes a weighty responsibility to ensure the best possible care and treatment for
these animals whose lives will be sacrificed following experimentation. Animals who are treated well will produce
more sound research results with a lower variance. (“The Benefits of Giving Experimental Animals the Best
Possible Environment” by Michael Chance and William Russell, Comfortable Quarters for Laboratory Animals,
pages 12-14) However, there is a segment of the research community who do not wish to be regulated or who
would like to reduce the regulatory requirements imposed on them.

In 1995, following widespread public concern and extensive documentation of the need for legislation and of the
failure of institutions to self-regulate, hearings in both the House of Representatives and the Senate, and careful
consideration and negotiation, Congress adopted the Improved Standards for Laboratory Animals amendment to the
Animal Welfare Act. Many researchers and the lobbyists who represented them fought against this law, as those
before them fought against the Laboratory Animal Welfare Act of 1966 (later re-named the Animal Welfare Act).
Having lost that battle, opponents fought against regulations for enforcement of the law until weakened regulations
were finally adopted four years later, Now a new avenue is being pursued, to wipe out as much of the Animal
Welfare Act as possible under the guise of “regulatory burden”.
JANE DOE

HHH Street * City, State + ZIP Code + 123.456.4567 + jane.doe@gmail.com
(Company Name)
(Company Address)

Dear (Mr. or Mrs.) (Last Name),

I was delighted to hear about the open position of communication and marketing assistant. As a recent
college graduate, I eamed a 3.5 in my major and have completed two internships. lam ready to put my
skills to work for the McMahon Agency.

Through my coursework I became well versed in all disciplines of marketing and communication, from
social media best practices to how to write a compelling news release or blog post. I understand how to
use the major tenets of marketing to reach out to customers both online and offline and drive results.

Coupled with my college courses, my two intemships offered me hands-on experience that will allow me
to quickly adapt to the office environment. Last semester, I worked at the local YMCA as a
‘communications intern. During my tenure, I was asked to write and edit the monthly donor
communications, including maintaining the Twitter page, drafting weekly blog posts and sending a
monthly email recapping the activities we engaged in that month. In addition, I helped with public
relations outreach, including updating media lists and sending out press releases for our recent fundraising
gala,
The summer before, I intemed at a local real esta where I helped with all the communications
outreach. My duties included updating the webpage with new listings, sending out thank you notes to
clients who offered referrals, maintaining the Facebook and Twitter pages, and customizing posts that
‘were sent to us by the national office. One Realtor even relied on me to update her blog each week, with
new posts that talked about issues in the news related to real estate and staging, which was her specialty.
Both these jobs showed me how important it is as an entry-level assistant to be open to all assignments,
from the small to the large. I understand that each job relates to the larger picture, no matter how minor it
may appear.

Linvite you to look at my LinkedIn profile and also talk with some of my references who will assure you
that I am a go-getter and result-oriented professional, always ready to learn and improve.

I ook forward to talking with you soon!

Yours truly,

Jane Doe
www RecruiterGrouns.com www.AskTheRecruiter.com

Source: http://jobsearch.about.com/od/coverlettersamples/

Consulting Firm Cover Letter
Sample Cover Letter - Consulting

FirstName

LastName

87 Washington Street
Hopedale, NY 11233
518-555-5555

email

Date

Mr. John Doe
A.T. Kiley
222 West Dover Street

Chicago, IL 60606
Dear Mr. Doe:

| had the extraordinary opportunity to work closely these past two years with Jane Smith, an A.T. Kiley
consultant in the Higher Education Practice, as a member of XYZ University's Presidential Search
Committee. This was my first exposure to the consulting profession, and | think it is a perfect match for
someone with my academic record, communication and leadership skills, and drive to succeed in a collegial
and team-oriented environment.

In my curricular, co-curricular and professional achievements during the past four years | have shown
initiative, creativity in problem solving and a commitment to building consensus and excellence throughout
our college community and in a variety of settings.
As an intern in the Office of the U.S. Deputy Secretary of Education, | worked with the Senior Advising team
to provide accurate, effective and concise statistical and anecdotal data to a variety of constituents in order
to support legislative proposals concerning the condition of America’s public schools. | combined the written
and oral skills | have gained from courses in American Studies and Government with quantitative and
analytical training in a high intensity environment.

As Vice President of Academic Affairs for the Student Government Association and a student representative
on several college committees (including the one which nominated the sixth President of XYZ University), |
have learned:

* to use language precisely and effectively
© to articulate myself to a range of audiences

«the value of integrity and persistence in working toward short- and long-term personal and
institutional goals

The opportunity to effect positive change for a range of institutions is the most attractive aspect of consulting
for me. Employees have described A.T. Kiley as "down to earth" and as having an “open culture.” | feel
lucky to have been part of a college community whose openness has allowed for measured risks and the
candor necessary to achieve its goals, and | hope to begin my career in a similarly rigorous and collegial
environment where can | learn from industry leaders. | look forward to exploring further my opportunities at
A.T. Kiley and will call next week to see if it is possible to arrange an interview.

Signature

www.zamislisrbijuorg
VETERINARY RECEPTIONIST SAMPLE
RESUME

1010 Soh Set New Yok, NY 1001
Jobnet gma con

Veterinary Front Desk Operator with over 4 years of experience dealing with large amount af ells and visitors eluding
‘imely data entre: Posesses a communicable ste with quick data entry skills

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE,
DIMLIGHT ANIMAL CENTER Boston, MA
Receptionist September 1998 ~ Present
‘Answer telephone inquiries in a timely and courteous manner
Request sufficient information feom the ealler to he able to forward the cal to the appeopriate
person
Meet and greet al visitors in a pleasant, courteous and professional manner. Responsible for
immediate acknowledgement of the visitor, idemtifying who the visitor wishes to see, and notifying
that individual immediately
Work to improve processes related to hospital ini

HARIKARLI DOG CLINIC Boston, MA
Secretary September 1998 Present

‘© Greet vendors, customers, job applicants, and other visitors, and ensure that they are escorted to the
proper office

‘© Resolve customer inquiries regarding certificate reprints, transeript requests, and class
‘communications
Ensure professional appearance of reception area and conference rooms
Handles spesial administrative projects, as well as overflow work from department and executive
assistants

EDUCATION

DALEMORE COMMUNITY COLLEGI Chicago, I
Associate in English, June 1995
© GPA3.440

ADDITIONAL SKILLS.

MS Office (Advanced)
75WPM Typing Speed
Bilingual Hausa and English
First Aid

 
supported integration testing for goods receipts and returns, transfer pasting, goods issues, physical
inventory/evele counting, as well as vendor evaluation, Big bang 8/3 3.0e implementation project
inchided integration with WM, QM, PP (dserete Production Orders and repettive Run Schedule
Headers), SD, PM, SM and FUCO.
Consultant for Spearhead System Consultants (1996 to 1997)

Cotaught 2 2-week SAP Production Planning course to ten users for client Nabisco Royal, a
food manufacturer in Cali, Columbia (11/96). Worked tozethar with another
translators. Also advised project taam, afterwards, on developing 2 strategy and plan forthe R/33.0¢
Implementation of F/CO, MM, PP and SD.

sultant and
MIM-Purchasing for client Anheuser Busch, a beer manufacturer in St. Louis (08/96 to 10/96).
Protatyping, cluding configuration, testing and scripting on Release 3.01 R/3 system implementstian
Jorentire spare parts procurement cycle (cansumption-based MRP, Purchase Requisitions, RFQs and
quotes, and automatic purchase arders| for vendor consignment gaods in particular and stack
purchasing in general.
Technical Consultant for ConAgra Frozen Foods, Omaha (9/1995 to 3/1996)

Configured business processes for sales and distribution using SAP R/2 RV with an RM-MAT
front end and RF back end, Protatyped ssmple orders and nan-trade receivables trom RY to RF
Designed process dacuments, scripts nd ATAB tables for defining praducts and prices, order through
Invoice, and product supplying and delivery, Also developed design dacumants fordate base
maintenance, fle conversions, nvantary accounting, and EDI interfaces for bath sales ardar pracessing
and inventary management,
Application Software Manager for Fiserv, Inc., an IT facilities manager for
Commercial Federal Bank in Omaha, NE (12/1994 to 5/1995)

Cantralle the end phase of 2 new relogse instalation af Dota-Links Mortgage Accounting System and
‘year-end processing. Organized now release implementation project far Com puter Assacite’s Infopaint
Installment Laans-yetem,
SUGGESTED COVER LETTER FOR AUTHOR JOURNAL SUBMISSION

Dear [Publisher or Editor name],

Enclosed is a manuscript to be considered for publication in [Journal
name]. The research reported in this manuscript has been funded through the National
Institutes of Health, and, therefore, its publication must comply with the NIH Public
Access Policy (http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT-OD-08-033.html).

In order to ensure compliance with the NIH policy I, as corresponding author on behalf of
all the authors, am retaining the rights for all authors and their representatives (such as
their respective university employers) to:

* Provide a copy of the authors’ final manuscript, including all modifications from the
publishing and peer review process, to the National Library of Medicine’s PubMed
Central (PMC) database at the time the manuscript is accepted for publication; and

¢ Authorize NIH to make a copy of that final manuscript available in digital form for
public access in PMC, no later than twelve (12) months after the official publication date.

By accepting this manuscript for review, [publisher name] accepts these terms and agrees
that the terms in this letter are paramount and supersede any provisions in any publication
agreement for this article, already signed or to be signed at a later date, that may conflict.
(Signature of corresponding author on behalf of all authors)

www.zamislisrbiju.org

Resume
Career service Autnority
Page 1 of 6

Zoo Veterinarian Technician
GENERAL STATEMENT OF CLASS DUTIES
Assists zoo veterinary staff providing medical, surgical, and preventive veterinary care for the animals at
the Denver Zoo including administering anesthesia, basic health care, dentistry, behavioral science,
diagnostic laboratory, technical support, and zookeeper duties.
DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS
This class is distinguished from a zookeeper that provides tor scientific husbandry of an assigned species
of animals at the Denver Zoo, and is distinguished from the veterinarian technician that monitors and
participates in the care of small animals (dogs & cats) at the Denver Municipal Animal Shelter.

Guidelines, Difficulty and Decision Making Level:

Guidelines are generally numerous, well established and directly applicable to the work
assignment. Work assignment and desired results are explained by general oral or written
instructions.

Duties assigned are generally repetitive and restricted in scope but may be of substantial
intricacy. Employee primarily applies standardized practices.

Decisions or recommendations on non-standardized situations are limited to relating
organizational policies to specific cases. Problems that are not covered by guidelines or are
without precedent are taken up with the supervisor.

Level of Supervision Received and Quality Review:

Under general supervision, the employee receives assignments and is expected to carry them
through to completion with substantial independence. Work is reviewed for adherence to
instructions, accuracy, completeness and conformance to standard practice or precedent.
Recurring work clearly covered by guidelines may or may not be reviewed

Interpersonal Communications and Purpose:
Contacts with the public or employees where explanatory or interpretive information is

exchanged, gathered or presented and presented and some degree of discretion and judgement
are required within the parameters of the job function.
John Jobseeker
123 Success Ave
New York, NY 10017
(212) 555-1212
John@vahoo.com

February 15, 2020

Marcos Alvarez
Facility Director
‘ABC Veterinary Clinic
456 Career Ave
New York, NY 10011

Dear Mr. Alvarez:

1am writing to submit my attached resume for consideration for the Veterinary Technician
‘opening that was advertised on craigslist.org.

‘Asa certified Veterinary Technician and have over three years experience in this field. As you
‘an see in resume, 1am knowledgeable in the routine diagnostic testing, radiology, anesthesia

‘administration/monitoring, dentistry, nursing care, IV catheter placement, venipuncture, and
cient communication.

‘Additionally, I have experience assisting in exam room appointments, performing laboratory
procedures, providing animal restraint, assisting with patient care, cleaning and preparing
‘surgical instruments, assisting with taking and developing radiographs, and helping maintain a
‘lean and organized hospital

believe if given the opportunity, I will prove to be a valuable asset to your staff and your
lent.

After reviewing my resume, should you feel my qualifications are a good fit for your company,
please contact me at your convenience to schedule an interview.

‘Thank you for your time and consideration. 1 look forward to hearing from you soon.

sincerely,

John sobseeker

 
FIRST NAME LAST NAME
Adios » Gly» Zp = Nanber Ena
TEWERGENOY MEDIGAL TECHNICIAN (ENT)

Arescrctl, deca and progr eitod ENT saking te opgorunty to leeage experience responding to emergency
cals ond mune, nt ad axes on Soe hazards, oe dosing te safest rove Tr extsnglovcuang vine
Gaentyfancong as a ede and Frefgitar where responses nude assessing an ured pubis condone and
provigil modes cae whi worting unde exreme prussze. Experenced mn anbulnce servos and conplted
Brbaree preci Leda tan erence ana sls 9 an ET bec apararede

‘GORE COMPETENCIES

Enurency Serves Task Pritzaton otk & jury Preeniton eral 8 Wrton Carmuriaen Pred Sling
oan Leader alosvabon “orca Tunkng® ALS Assit Cated* Medea Procsauese Physical Fe

‘PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Tie | company Name = Cry

Serves a Fa Reepender fondu ned, rod fectve escalate to nries brought on by ote sto

parsons Tales af necessary precastonay mesures fens saves do notarse, but empeys exenplay scene management

Shilo ensure wares rece prope medial care queky when sues do ie Responded a ttle 28 neces on-te

‘Cand rocauorar ae atngs cite ensure al errs are aare salt hazards and prepa prosedie5

1 Deslps Ste dagians map ohm machinery bestons nde neces sepsto blow nea oat eat

‘Crates st cnet salty pice aed poo ad conse wak seo aes ety eon gin berate

‘Parcs Por sane sree at me oy. ulaingsxctentprcare tng sles fo Garnna a slat
passa athedol erating ited canis ton bo scan ad neigh eo anarncy 2OM

«+ Aarinaters receatn io pata, ocerng rope preocl and some of pracice

1 Wes rou Patent Care Ropers (POR), an acu tan eal erode accurl, eaeifrmaton

Tie | Company Name ~ Cy

"Uae wh the prams comparios abut proposed ows

{Commanesto wh pararade seer item tom nw an hal lv a ct cn hae aparans
1 Aan espero he Coles of Paramedics pusie mage

TW | Company Name = Cy
Tetstapisoay nese fr n/m ests at may ae ding eae eat car. Asst wi mscaors
pines and tary ees

Tile | Company Name ~ Cty ate
Provited ener ore caro sek person. Ensure he recover proper mediate and ee oul el es and
speech and mot btn.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
certeate Name ate
Calo Nar =

 Eretgne el Tecan 2) ate

EPP and GENS Certicaton
ALS AseistCerteton
Healt Care Prove Cetieaton

Program Name | Orsnizatin Ns
Diploma Name | Schl Nara ~ Cy
ter Brakes Oe) Freghter Level 12 (Oat), Operations Level Freighter (te), WHMIS, H2S Ave, Cas 2 cee

VOLUNTEER WORK

Fieightr | eparont Nene ~ Cty Date
Volunteer EMT | Hospital Namo ~ City Date
ee eee


PENNY LAWSON

Too Broadway Lene, Landon, UK NWWEOGE | | N:[020] X00 00K | exampleemei@example.com
Dear Ms. Danson

Lam writing to apply for the Vet Tech position with the London Veterinary Clinic. lam a recent
graduate of the Vet Tech program at Tr-County Technical College and lam eager to begin my
Career helping to care for animais

In my academic program I leamed about such topics as maintaining sterile equipment assisting
in surgery proper injection technique and other aspects of veterinary medical assistance. |
possess excellent communicatin and critical thinking skils which alow me to relate fo the owners
of animal patients who may bein a state of wory or distress. My computer and technical
knowledge is up-to-date and Iam proficient at inputting information digitally that is necessary
formedieal records,

Above al | love animals ond am patient colm ang soothing when working with patients. |have
received high maris in performance reviews for my bedsice manner with animals. | woule love

to bring my caring dedication and veterinary knowledge fo the practice of Londen Veterinary
Clinic as a Vet Tech,

Lam confident you wil find me to be a qualified Vet Tech canaidate. Feel fee to contact me
for an interview at your convenience. lam looking forward fo meeting and thank you for your
‘assistance.

Sincerely

Penny Lawson
Sample Field Technician Cover Letter

Your Contact Information
Nikki Knowles
3856 Beach Grove Lane
Arizona, AZ94857
Mobile: 385-384-0485
E-mail id: k.nikki@example.com

Employer Contact Information
Mr. Odom Lamar

Production Solutions Inc.

365 Park Street

Arizona, AZ93858

Date: July 20, 2011
Dear Mr. Lamar,

I would request you to accept my resume for the position of Field
Technician as per the advertisement in www.seek.com. I am sure that my
qualifications will match perfectly with your requirements, and I have
attached my resume for your further review.

Briefly, I have had a vast experience as a field technician in fine tune for
eight years with Sony Ericsson. As a part of my job, I have worked with
various private and commercial entities on regular basis, by helping them
get systems and products maintained, optimized and installed. I have
good troubleshooting and analyzing skills, which helps me in tweaking or
repairing and getting the machine status back to operating quickly. Iam a
good team player and have got tremendous customer service skills.

A personal meeting between us for discussing this job opportunity further
will be highly beneficial. You can call my anytime on 385-384-0485 or e-
mail me at k.nikki@example.com. I await a reply from you and possibility
for an interview soon. Thank you for giving your valuable time.

Sincerely,
Nikki Knowles
Your Signature

Enclosure: Resume, Work Portfolio and References
To:
From:

RE:

Washington MGMA Members

Kris Linden

February 10, 2009

2009 WMGMA Salary and Benefits Survey

Please use December 31, 2008 figures.

Attached is the annual WMGMA sponsored Salary and Benefits Survey for medical groups in
Washington. Results of the survey will be shared at no cost to those who participate. Without a majority
of participation, the survey is not useful. It is important that we all take the time to complete the survey. A
cost for the survey has been charged for members who do not respond of $250.00, $500.00 for
nonmembers and $750 for non-medical purchasers.

The information contained in this survey is presented solely for the purpose of informing the membership
of ranges of compensation and benefits of medical practice staff. The data may not be used for the
purposes of limiting competition, restraint of trade or reducing or stabilizing wages or benefits. Federal
and state antitrust laws prohibit such improper use.

We realize that we cannot meet the needs of every participant, however, this survey can serve as a
valuable resource in determining compensation for your employees.

All responses are confidential.

We recognize that jobs are different based on the size of the group. We have attempted to create a list of
job descriptions with as many types of positions as possible. The job descriptions include the primary
duties of the positions and jobs should be matched as close as possible. Job titles used in the survey
may not be the same title used in your group. If an employee as duties that cover multiple positions then
report their hourly wage in all positions.

New last year was the separation of hourly rates for employees employed in the same organization, but
primarily work in the Ambulatory Surgery Center. Please report the ASC employees in the separate
section on Tab C.

Please answer questions 8 in the section A. Survey Questionnaire for input on additional positions.
Questions 3 & 4 are for your input for changes in benefits and other suggestions.

Please complete the Benefits Section for only those benefits that apply to your organization. If a benefit
does not exist in your group, either mark the question with an “N” — Not offered or “NA”. Or on the
electronic survey, please do not mark the field.

Please return your completed survey by March 6, 2009 to:

Lori Laubach

Moss Adams LLP

1301 A Street, Suite 600
Tacoma, WA 98402-4205

An electronic version of the survey is available at:
http:/www.mossadams.com/wsmgma

After completing the survey electronically, please email it to wsmgmasurvey@mossadams.com

Results of the survey will be mailed by April 10, 2009 if there are no deadline extensions

lf you have any questions, please contact Lori Laubach at Moss Adams LLP (800) 929-3582 ext. 45256.

Thank you
201 Indiana
Lubbock TX 79415

September 12, 2006

Dr. Jay Jones DVM
7902 Slide Rd.
Lubbock TX 79424

Dear Dr. Jones:

I am a junior biology major at Texas Tech University. I came across your job advertisement
for a veterinary technician in the Lubbock Avalanche Journal and I am very interested in the
job. While studying for a B.S. in biology, I have been educated in different principles of

anatomy, physiology and chemistry. I plan on attending vet school upon my graduation and
would like to learn more about a how a veterinarian operates before applying.

It is impressive that your clinic has been practicing veterinary medicine for almost 25 years.
Based on my work experience and education I believe I could be a valuable member to your

team. In my past jobs I have worked for a zoo, I’ve worked as a secretary and as a gardener
teaching me to be organized, determined and hard working.

Before I apply for vet school, I would like to gain extra experience in the career field. While
attending Texas Tech, I’ve competed 80 hours of credit and have been able to maintain a GPA
of a 3.1 while working between 20 and 30 hours a week. I understand that while working as a
technician I will have to talk to hundreds of different clientele. As a shy person, I will never
make a client feel talked down too or treat them with disrespect.

My current employer will be waiting for a response on my resignation. I will follow up on my
application on the 2™ of October, if you are unable to talk with me on or before this time
please let me know either by phone (790-3917) or email me at michael.vandewege@ttu.edu. I
hope to join your team and gain experience while spending the rest of my time here at Texas

Tech University. Thank you for your time and considerations.

Sincerely,

Michael Vandewege
Veterinary Technician Resume Example

ADD
nui IDs, eaeeyi unl eo

Objective:

Seek a poston ax Veernary Tecnica give best services for patents

Profiles:

{mn hghly talent ternary techn isan with for of experiences in mata and organizing all
esis ad techmieal procedures rated to arial healt ar

Summary of Qualification:

{have expertence in working ss vtrinry technician for moee than seven yeas, Pha extensive
lived in ules and tegutation» of animal healthcare coral the coms iscases Of aml, Cam
‘management ud livestock marketing Lata be to conduct varios pial see for cals. My
inowisdgein pathological an binogscal maker me examine discus appropetsy. | ive woo
suse services ilo commumscate with cuss

Professional Experiences:

Fiera Tecinieian, GY Pe Heute, Matches, New Hampshie, 2007 present
Resprnabites
+ Perform various medical ests for animals and ensure tha the eatment i secoling 10
fegalatons of animal healthcare
+ Ongaize events relued anil heal are
+ Coonfmte with ther eckmseian to perfor teateneat for anizaly
+ Petfor eoatuaton of potential problems ate 4 health and sola well of ania
+ Give beshscrue for suas
+ Give explanation oF animal healheate for ewsomes
Fieri Tovhnacn GY Ania Hostal, gay, New, 2004 — 2007
Resprnibites

+ Helped in pmvcessing health inspections
Recor anal healt histones

Prepared repular teports to decir of hospital

‘Managed and rxtain animale icine lvestock and exotic species

Performed pathologieal examinations of urinals

Educational Background:
Assocane Depuce of Veterinary Technology, Unversity of Sauth Carolina, 208

 
Student Name
Address

City, State, Zip
(304) 000-0000

email @ yahoo.com

Date

Contact Person
Business
Address
City, State, Zip

Dear Contact Person or To Whom It May Concern:

Iam writing in response to your advertisement in the Dominion Post on date, for the position of
Medical Assistant. I have attached my résumé for your review and consideration.

In September 2010, I will be graduating from the Medical Assistant program at OIC Training
Academy. Through the course of my training program, I have acquired a variety of skills, many
of which you seek in your description for the Medical Assisting position. My clinical abilities
include: phlebotomy techniques, collecting and handling specimens, urinalysis, injections, and
taking vitals. In addition, I maintain CPR Certification and First Aid training, better preparing me
to make a successful contribution to your organization.

I look forward to discussing with you personally how my qualifications can best serve your needs.
Please expect my telephone call in the coming week to arrange such a meeting or you may call me

anytime at home at (304) 000-0000. I look forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,

Student Name

Enclosure
Sara Dallas
58 South Street

Tampa, FL 62887

Cellular: (200) 000-9996
Email: sara.d @ email . com

March 29, 2016

Mr, John Doe
HR Manager
Paws Plus

54 Some Ave
Tampa, FL 62598

Dear Mr. Dae:

I learned about your need for a Veterinary Technician with great interest, as my skills and
talents match your requirements almost exactly

As indicated in the enclosed resume, my 6 months’ experience as vet intern has developed my
abilities to handle the operations of vet office while providing exceptional service to clients.
Through this experience, I gained skills in drawing blood, administering medications, placing IV
catheters, venipuncture and lifting and restraining animals, Moreover, I am competent at
maintaining a clean and organized treatment area,

My detail-orientation, punctuality, bilingual (English/Spanish) ability, and good computer skills
will help me achieve the long-term goals of Paws Plus. The enclosed resume will provide you
with complete details of my skills and qualifications.

As a client-focused and energetic Veterinary Technician, I would like to discuss this position
with you and learn more about Paws Plus. I will call you after few days to follow-up and see if
an interview can be arranged, Meanwhile, I can be reached at (000) 000-9996,

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

(signature)
Sara Dallas

Enclosures
Academy of Veterinary Dental Technicians

Application Packet — 2011

November 15, 2010
Welcome,

Thank you for your interest in applying to become an Academy of Veterinary Dental
Technicians (AVDT) certified veterinary dental technician. Upon completion of the credentialing
process and successfully passing the examination, you will obtain the title of Veterinary
Technician Specialist (Dentistry) - VTS (Dentistry). This National Association of Veterinary
Technicians in America (NAVTA) recognized title provides you with a sense of pride and
accomplishment. You will become part of an elite group of veterinary technicians. NAVTA
recognizes only nine other specialties: emergency/critical care, anesthesia, internal medicine,
behavior, zoo medicine, equine nursing, and clinical practice nursing. The VTS (Dentistry) title
also qualifies you to become a member of the AVDT. Upon receipt of your letter of intent,
application fee of $60, and corresponding documentation, a credentials packet will be mailed to
you by January 31, 2011. In order to be considered for the qualifying examination, all work must
be submitted by January 31, 2013.

Attached are the general requirements needed to complete the credentialing process. You must
use the CURRENT application and credentials packets as changes have been made. More
detailed information will be included in the credentials packet. The application fee covers the
cost of your credentials packet and administrative charges. Yearly administrative fees of $60 are
due upon notification. Upon completion of your two-year mentorship program, an additional $60
fee will be collected to cover the cost of the credentials packet review. The first examination was
administered in June 2006. The examination fee was $500. The cost of future exams will be
determined on a yearly basis.

To keep abreast of changes in the world of veterinary dentistry, we strongly encourage you to
become a member of the American Veterinary Dental Society (AVDS, P.O. Box 803,
Fayetteville, TN 37334. Phone: (800) 332-AVDS or (931) 438-0238. Fax: (931) 433-6289.
Email: avds @avds-online.org). Yearly membership in this society includes a subscription to the
Journal of Veterinary Dentistry, the official journal of the Academy of Veterinary Dental
Technicians and other associations.

Thank you, again, for your interest in becoming a VTS (Dentistry). Congratulations on your
desire to advance in your career as a veterinary technician.

Pat March

Pat March, CVT, VTS (Dentistry)
President, AVDT

Academy of Veterinary Dental Technicians Application Packet 2009©
Revised 10/8/2010
1
P.547 Noor Pur
Faislabad

saiffehman718@ yahoo.com
(0307-61697 18

June 9. 2014

‘Mr, Abrar ‘Tahir
Software Engineer
‘Sheikhpura Road
Faisalabad

Respected Sit:
‘Subject; To seek the position as a Software Engineer

Tread an ad of your organization in Jang newspaper on Sunday June 4, 2014. There were some
positions of Software Engineering. | am perfect for this position. And your organization is well
known regarding softwate analysis and different real time projects

am doing BSCS in Session (2012-2016) from a very well Known university of Pakistan,
‘National Textile University Faisalabad. I did internship from Software house Mehran. Recently 1
{developed a project for Library Management System for National Textile University, Faisalabad.
‘My all documents are attached with this application.

Ihave many other skills regarding IT field. I have all expertise of computer like HTML,
Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office, Web Designing, C+, Database and many others. Ihave
communication Skills, team management, confidence and practical work als.

Lam confident you will give me chance for benefit of your organization, I shall he available on.

Friday to Sunday whole day. You comtact with me on my number 0304-6 169718,

Sincerely,

‘Mohsin Shoukat
Enclosure; Resume
Internship letter

BSCS Hope centficwe
‘Other skills cemificate
179 Duke Lane
renton, New Jersey 52610

Recruitment Manager
italife Veterinary Clinic

'3713, Moonlight Drive
renton, New Jersey 52613

i am writing this application in reference to the advertisement in the City Tribunal, which states that there is a
requirement of a Veterinary Technician at Vitalife Veterinary Clinic, { am interested to work in this position and
jould like you to introduce myself and my qualifications for this job.

completed my education with an Associate Degree in Veterinary Healthcare from New Jersey Medical

University. Since then, I have bean working at Trenton Health and Research Institute, My primary work

responsibilities include the administrative tasks and supporting the veterinary doctors in checkups, operations,
1nd administering medicines to the animals admitted in the institute.

iBeing passionate for the wildlife, I find this to be the most rewarding job which helps me to spend most of my
ime with animals,

Please find my resume and photocopies of credentials and do let me know a day ar two in advance if you fix an
Interview. ! am grateful that you considered my application. Awaiting 2 positive response,

Sincerely yours,

Photocopies of Credentials

 
Pravmacy Techoican Cover Lover Sample
SU panna area
Fett
‘sci my pe ge fam
Eitan

 
Comtaet Section
From

(Same of applicant
{Addess for ontespondense)
{Contac amber)

{Emit address,

Date (MUDDY)

Te
(Same ofemployer
ite)

(Company name)
Company alee)
Reference: (Newspaper, personal contac, oh poeta}
Salutation Dest Me Mes Mos

‘Opening Paragraph Sta your coer lee by introducing youre the employer and
easoa for our application you have reference seh as personal coaaes
‘mention shen hte This helps a petsonaling your leer
‘Midate Parageaph: Write down your profesional expercnses and skills suitable for the position
Talk about your exceptional achievements that make you standout fom he ote job sechers,

Closing Paragraph The closing parsrap iso thank dhe employers he recta for
onset your uppication and spendin their time in veading Express our interest meeting
the emposer for dscusion
Signa
(Sine ofappican)
(Signa “Optional
nctosures Sachets

+ nolosure 1
2 Frclsure 2
taemctg on
Animal Hospital

JOB DESCRIPTION

Position: Veterinary Assistant/Receptionist

Purpose

The role of the Veterinary Assistant/Receptionist is to provide support by handling daily clinical
procedures, caring for animals and assisting the Veterinarians and Veterinary Technicians in
their daily tasks.

Main Duties

Perform administrative and reception duties such as answering the phone, booking
appointments, checking in and out clients, receiving their payments, receiving
shipments, etc.

Handling, restraining and caring for animals undergoing treatment and surgery
Performing various daily office maintenance tasks such as cleaning the floors and cages,
keeping the reception area clean, etc.

Providing animals with regular and medicated baths

Assisting veterinarians with animals before, during and following surgery, preparing
surgical equipment, administering and monitoring anesthetics and cleaning up after
surgery

Producing radiographs, collecting samples and performing other laboratory tests to assist
in diagnosis of animal health problems

Administering medications and treatments under direction of Veterinarians and
Veterinary Technicians

Providing wound and bandage care

Conducting specialized procedures such as nail trimming

Counseling clients on animal health care including nutrition and home care

Assisting Veterin:
Performing other duties as required in ensuring the clinic is running smoothly.
ns and Veterinary Technicians with animal dentistry

Skills Required

Completion of a Veterinary Assistant diploma

Experience working in a veterinary clinic is an asset

Demonstrated excellent organizational, communication, interpersonal and time
management skills.

Ability and comfort with computer based veterinary clinic software and programs
ee eee
From

(Name of applicant)

(Address for correspondence)
(Contact number)

(E-mail address)

Date: (MM/DD/YY)
To

(Name of employer)
(Title)

(Company name)
(Company address)

Reference: (Newspaper, personal contact, Job portal, etc)

Salutation Dear Mr./Mrs./Miss
Opening Paragraph: Start your cover letter by introducing yourself to the employer and mentioning the
reason for your application. If you have references such as personal contacts mention them here. This helps i
personalizing your letter,

Middle Paragraph: Write down your professional experiences and skills suitable for the position. Talk about
your exceptional achievements that make you stand out from the other Job seekers,

Closing Paragraph; The ciosing paragraph is to thank the employers or the recruiter for considering your
application and spending their time in reading. Express your interest in meeting the employer for discussion.

Signature,
(Name of applicant)
(Signature - Optional)

Enclosures/attachments.

© Enclosure 1
é ‘Rabeaosees
Anne Smith
Registered Nurse (RN) 2263731

(©) 461 Bridge street
‘Westbrook, ME 04092
774-987-4008,

© annesmithogmail.com

linkedin com/annutw
Sia/18

Edwina Palau
Charge Nurse
Mc

1589 Geneva Street
Portland, ME 04019

Dear Ms. Palau,

‘Managing my unit's budget and cutting 359% from it without sacrificing quality of patient care was one of my proudest
‘moments as a nurse. ! would be even prouder to replicate that success at Maine Medical Center's Portland Unit.

‘Asa nurse with 5 years of experience, I'm drawn to MMC's patient-centered focus. MMC’ belief in ownership and
innovation create a respectful environment where I believe my talents would shine. Among my past achievements:

+ Created efficient schedules that cut 10% of the scheduling waste from the unit.
+ Trained 11 nursing staff in EMR systems and best practices.

+ Led an HCAHDPS improvement drive that helped our hospital recoup an extra 1% of Medicaid reimbursements.
‘Tm very excited to see haw much more Ican do in a focused system like MMC,

CCan we set up a meeting to discuss how my past work can translate to elevated success for MMCs patients?

Best Regards,

‘Anne Smith, RN

PS—1i love to explain how I got shortlisted for a DAISY Award!
BRENT GROVES

7407 Raleigh Ave
Lubbock, Texas 79424
12-0484 (home), 806-831-3892 (cell)
Te-mail: brentagroves(@vahoo.com,
Summary of Qualifications
Financial Consultant © Costomer Service Representative
# Office Manager # Public Relations
Operations Supervisor Sut Trainer
© Technical Suppor © Recruiting
© Technical Sales © Purchasing
© Accounts Payable # Adertsing/ Marketing
© Accounts Receivable © Trade Show Representative
© Outside Sales Real Estate Acquisitions

Experience
Sip07—prsnt ‘Texas Tech University Lubbock, TX
Student Assistant Operations Division University Parking Services
Duties:
¢Pesfinmed customer service duties and provided int
© Performed complianee/entorcement duties

Nov 06-0007 JC Penney Corporation Lubboek, TX
Diamond/Gold/Fine Jewelry and Watch Sales
© Performed customer service and warranty work tor clients
‘© Evaluated elient eredit applications

Jun 05—Nov 06 Biest National Bank Mid-Cities Denton, TX
Executive Assistant/Mortgage Loan Officer / Processor
Duties:

© Obtained and examined mortgage loan applications and disclosures from elieats
© Trained and oversaw processing of morgage loan applications
‘¢ Following through and customer support of documents ftom origination 10 closing.

003 —Jan05—_ Pointbank Mortgage Denton, TS
Mortgage Loan Officer/Loan Originator
Duties:

© Obtained and examined mortgage loan applications and disclosures from clients
© Understanding of different loan programs available in the rvarket
© Recorded and collected all necessary supporting documentation
Kevin Tierney

Objective
Experience

Career advancement within Nonside Hospital

Radiologie Technologist
June 2005-Present Northside Hospital, Alana,
Radiology Student Technologist
September 2004 June 2005 Northside Hospital, Atlan
Radiology Tech Assistant
May 2008 Septemoer 2004 Norhside Hospital. Alana, GA

Sales Associate
‘August 2002 May 2003 Radio Shack, Aphareta, GA

Information Support Specialist
June 2000-Apri'2002 Metoroi, Apharena, GA

‘+ Rosponsibe for end user desktop support sever maintenance, as
well as many aspects of formatonSecunty

+ Testod and plemented end-user solware updates and new
preduetinsas

*+ Testes ang then migrated system wide backup from one vendors
product'@ anctner

+ Rosponsie for wring documentaton fr backup poles as well as
pean portons of te disaster recovery manual

1 Created a nelpdesk websie curing how-to documents for the
mast commen questons, reducng average time to resoliton >
hepdesk requests

‘Onsite Support Technician
aly 1999 tune 2000 MotorolaSoftware Spoctum, Boynton Beach, FL
+ Pertormed tlephone as wall as onsio support for ond sors
+ Deployed new deskton and anton systems

‘Pat of team that designed and martaned helpdesk website which
increased customer satslacion ve

‘Compag Technical Support Supervisor
January 1990-Jly 1999 The Anewer Group, North Lauderdale, FL
+ Supervised a group of 12 suppor technicians

+ Responsible for montoring techncians to ensure compliance wah
CCompad's standards for average cat time, qualty, fectnical abit,
and preductty

‘Compag Technical Support Engineer
December 1997 Jy 1999 The Answer Groun, Neth Lauderdale, FL
+ Prowded suppor for Compan consumer ine of computers
‘Sample of Mental Health Technician cover letter

From
Ollie D. Senn

4557 Forest Avenue

New York, NY 10004

Prone: 646.915.4959

Email ID. ole. senn@mail.com

January 3, 2011

To
lnving C. Stevens

Human Resources Manager
New York Mental Health Center
4041 Chandler Hollow Road
New York, NY 10016

Dear Mr. Stevens.

In response to your advertisement in the January 2012 edition of New York Health magazine
regarding the jo opening for the position of a mental health technician, { am writing this letter to
express my wish to apply for this job based on my expenence and skills in this fel

J have been working as a mental health technician for the past eight years with two diferent
‘mental health institutions. Dunng this penod ! have performed varius job functions such as
rowing basic level patient care, observing patient behavior and reporting inconsistencies fo
Senior nurses and physicians, assisting patient's relatives with the admission process, etc. | have
also helped my reparting personne! in creating reports and administering medication to patients

Ihave enclosed a copy of my resume and a recommendation later from my senior nurse Mics.
Dana Whiting, along with this etter These documents will help you in understanding my profile in

a better way. Please feel free to contact me on my contact information provided above, if you have
any queries / will be looking forward to hearing from you regarding this application. Thank you for
‘your consideration.

Yours sincerely,
Ollie D. Senn

Enclosures
Resume
Letter of Recommendation
CBE

Competency-Based Education

COURSE OUTLINE
COURSE NO.: 27-08-51 REVISED: May/2004

TITLE: X-RAY TECHNICIAN/LIMITED PERMIT/SKULL, CHEST, EXTREMITIES, AND
TORSOSKELETON

DEPARTMENT: Health Careers Education
CREDITS: 40 HOURS: 1350 CBEDS NO.: 4298
APPORTIONMENT NO.: 06.078.362 DOT NO.: 078.362

COURSE DESCRIPTION:

This competency-based course is designed to provide the essential information needed by x-ray technician
students to pass State certification examinations, meet the requirements of their job description, and provide
optimal patient care. This program prepares students to perform torsoskeleton, chest, extremity, and skull
radiographic procedures. The course includes instruction and activities related to: Ethics, Safety Principles,
Anatomy and Physiology, Medical Terminology, Radiographic Physics, Darkroom Chemistry, Radiographic
Technique, Radiation Protection, and developing interpersonal, technical, and clinical skills required to perform
as a safe, competent, and professional X-Ray Technician. The students are prepared clinically in health care
facilities supervised by the instructor and staff members. Upon completion of this course the graduates may take
the California State Examinations for chest, extremities, torsoskeletal, skull, and radiation protection. Passing
these examinations allows these students to work as X-Ray Technicians under a supervising licenate.

PREREQUISITES:
High school diploma or GED. Must be 18 years of age or older, tuberculosis screening and evidence of good
health. A minimum reading level of 10.0 as measured by the TABE D 7/8 and a math skill level equivalent to Basic
Math- Intermediate (53-03-72).

NOTE:
THE STUDENT MUST PRESENT A CURRENT CERTIFICATE SHOWING COMPLETION OF A
CARDIOPULMONARY RESUSCITATION (CPR) (COURSE C-BASIC LIFE SUPPORT) CLASS FOR HEALTH
CARE PROFESSIONAL AND FIRST AID CERTIFICATE PRIOR TO CLINICAL ROTATION.
After a student has completed this course, he/she may not be allowed to re-enroll in the course.
LOs ANGELES UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT
Division of Adult and Career Education
Instructional and Counseling Services Unit
Adult Curriculum Office
adultinstruction.org
Rachel Green, RT(R)(MR)
123 Boulevard Dr., Townsville, CA 99999
| 987.654.3210 | r.green@gmail.com

Career Profile

Dedicated MRI technologist with 22 years of progressive experience delivering compassionate care to trauma,
adult, pediatric, and outpatient center patients. Skilled in conducting a range of exams including body,
neurological, musculoskeletal, enterography, prostate, and fetal. ARRT certified for both MR and Radiology with
proficiency in operating GE Signa HDE 1.5 Tesla, Siemens Magnetom Verio 3 Tesla, and Philips Ingenia 3
Tesla systems,

Core Qualifications

* Licensed MRI Technologist
* Patient Screening
* Safety Operations
* Quality Assurance

Certified Radiologic Technologist
Regulatory Compliance

Breast Screening Specialist
Venipuneture

Licenses and Certifications
ARRT for Magnetic Resonance and Radiology, License #239120
Certified Radiologic Technologist, State of CA, License #RHT00101195
CPRIAED by Military Training Network and Authorized Provider of American Heart Association Emergency
Cardiovascular Care Courses
‘* Certified for Venipuncture and Pharmacology for Contrast Media Procedures by Advanced Health
Education Center

Accomplishments
Departmental Leadership
* Selected by Naval Medical Center management to be the primary breast imagery leader specializing in
routine breast cancer screenings, implant rupture, and biopsy procedures,
* Led daily flow scheduling, staff training, and quality assurance initiatives as a senior staff technologist at
the University of Pittsburgh Children’s Hospital
Staff Training and Development
‘*  Spearheaded training of active duty personnel contributing to MRI certifications.
* Recognized for outstanding teamwork and leadership for participating in morale boosting professional
projects and recreational outings
Process Improvement
* Developed an "MRI Patient Brochure
prepare patients for exams,
* Enhanced departmental efficiency by oreating and implementing an effective organization system.
to promote improved patient education and more effectively

Professional Experience

Registered MRI Technologist
December 2011 to Current
Sharp Rees-Stealy Medical Center — San Diego, CA
‘* Provide MRI healthcare services as a per diem technologist in an outpatient center environment.
‘* Adhere to safety protocols in operating GE Signa 1.5 Tesla system to perform routine exams.
‘+ Interview patients to collect medical information, explaining exam procedures to promote safety.
‘* Transmit cases to the doctors after conducting exams.
Registered MRI Technologist
July 2012 to Current
Naval Medical Center of San Diego — San Diego, CA
* Deliver optimal care to active duty, retired, and dependent military patients as a federal employee for the
Department of Defense.

Gembloong.com

 
Resume C. Rocketeer, RT (R)
555 Rocketeer Dr. | Little Rock, AR 55
| info®iresumerocketeer.com [800.280.2445

RADIOLOGIC TECHNOLOGIST
Leveraging stellar radiography knowledge with top-notch care to optimize the patient experience.

Outstanding academic and hands-on experience within state-of-the-art facility. Well practiced in the most recent
diagnostic imaging procedures. Expertise in fixed and mobile radiography. Earned reputation as dependable and
flexible with strong ability to excel under minimal direction. Exceptional collaborative and critical thinking
abilities. Special interest in CT scanning. Certified ARRT and active member of ASRT and FSRT.
Core Competencies
Procedures: diagnostic Gl exams, orthopedic exams, venipuncture, vital signs, BLS

Hospital Specific: Fluoroscopic exams, corpak placement, portable exams, C-arm- heart biopsy, RFD, emergency
department, inpatient and outpatient surgery- cysto, C-arm, O-arm, portables

Specialty Imaging: CT (16-credit hour class, 200 area hours), Interventional, Cath Lab, Mammography, BMA

Professional Experience

Radiology Inter Jan. 2010 = Present
AAA Hospital School of Health Sciences, Little Rock, AR
Acquired well-rounded and thorough experience at state-of-the-art, 400-bed teaching hospital and medical
center. Performed radiographic exams (up to 40 per day) in compliance with hospital standards and practices.
Gained experience working with patients of all ages with a variety of medical conditions from pre-op to
outpatient care,

> Developed solid understanding of imaging equipment and imaging documentation software, including,

PACS Image Archive and DICOM storags

Collaborated with fellow interns and staff to focus on stellar patient accommodation and comfort.
Performed administrative duties and quality assurance to facilitate patients and ensure record accuracy.
Acquired knowledge of maxi-slide and other patient lift equipment.
Researched and organized relevant information as top contributor to “Students of Radiography” webpag,
Successfully completed CPR and venipuncture certifications.
yyy
Customer Service Lead/Cashi
BBB Grocery Stores, Inc,, Little Rock, AR

Provided top-notch customer service and honed leadership skills, Operated and supplied cash registers, assisted
in cash handling, and closed cash offic.

May 2007 = Dee, 2009
Professional Development
American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT) Certification
Certificate of Completion, AAA Hospital School of Health Sciences (Radiography Program), Little Rock, AR

AAS. degree, Radiography, Sample State College, Little Rock, AR, 2010
A.A. degree, Sample State College, Little Rock, AR, 2008
“Awards & Recognitions

Patient Services Award, AAA Hospital, 2010
Special Care Award, AAA Hospital, 2010ENGINEERING COVER LETTER

VISHAL S. SHAH
1686 Great Highway # |
San Francisco, CA 94122

February 27, 20xx

Mr. Robert Masik

Lite-On USA International
726 S. Hillview Drive
Milpitas, CA 95035

Dear Mr. Masik:

Please accept my enclosed resume in application for your advertised Technical Support
Analyst/Engineer. I am confident that my education and experience have prepared me for the
position that you have available, and my unique abilities will enable me to contribute
significantly towards your objectives.

My background includes a B.S. degree in Electronics and Communications Engineering and a
M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering (Computers and Communications emphasis) along with
the following professional and project experience:

Providing Software Support for the Terminal Automation System for Daniel
Measurement and Control (India) Pvt. Ltd. at various customer sites.
Providing Technical and Network support in the computer laboratory with the domain of
30 workstations.
Advanced knowledge of semiconductor memory design including SRAM, DRAM and
Flash memories.
Project Experience of designing SRAM 6-T bit cell and Flash Charge Pump Circuits
Designing schematic diagrams of the digital and analog circuits and simulating them
using various application tools like Pspice, Xilinx, Protel, and L-edit.
Excellent course work and project work experience, which covers advance aspects of
Electrical Engineering.
I thrive on new challenges, and my innovative approach along with my desire to learn, will prove
to be an asset to my employer. I look forward to a personal interview to discuss with you how I

can best serve Lite-On USA International.

Sincerely,

Vishal Shah

1600 Holloway Avenue, Student Services Building 206, San Francisco CA 94132

€ San Francisco State University Career Center
Tel: 415/338-1764 « Fax: 415/338-2979 + careerct@sfsu.edu + www.sfsu.edu/~career
eyefinity /OfficeMate 9 l

oes Se Saabs
University,

Assessment Guide: 800 VSP Interface

4. What information must be recorded in Setup>Business Namnes>Provider/Staff tab> Insurance Info button for
‘the Pin #, Group #, and Submitter ID?
DA, NpINumber
DB. taxiD
DC. vs Bee 1b
Db. Office

2. How de bill VSP ifa patient comes in for an exam one day, and returns fora follow up appointment the
next week?
TDA. Use the same authorization.

8. Bill VSP on yefinity’s Web ste.

. Get a split authorization.

D. You cannot bill two authorizations through the VSP Interface.

ooo

3, Dol need to contact Eyefinity for my Office 10 and to activate the interface?
DA, No, your interface is automatically activated and your Office 1D is recorded in OfficeMate.
DB. Yes, call Customer Care,
1. Yes, call the Training Department.
Dd. Yes, call eyefiniy,

4, Inthe Patient Demographics windaw, on the Insurance tab, what is the Policy Type for VSP?
DA, Other
DB. Commercial
Dc. Group
DD. Individual Policy

5. Where do you map the labs that your office uses to send VSP lab orders?
1A, VSP Download Lists
DB. VSP Product Mapping
DC. Rx Eyewear Order
1D. Third Party Processing

6. Where do you record the patient’s entire social security number on the Patient Demographics>Insurance
tab?
DA Insured 10
0 8, Policy Group Number
OC. Plan Name
1D. None of the above

Answer Key: 1-0, 2-6 3D, 4-8, 5:8, 6A

free
Sample Cover Letter - Salary Requirements / Range http://jobsearch.about.conVod/coverlettersamples/a/coverrange. ht

Sample Cover Letter With a Salary Requirement / Range Listed

Your Name

Your Address

Your City, State, Zip Code
Your Phone Number

Your Email

Contact Name

Title

Company Name
Address

City, State, Zip Code

Dear Contact Person:

I'm writing to express my interest in the Web Design Specialist position listed on Craig's List. | have experience
designing consumer-focused health-based web sites. While much of my experience has been in the business world, |
understand the social value of the non-profit sector.

My responsibilities included the design and development of the site's editorial voice and style, and the daily content
programming and production of the web site. | worked closely with health care professionals and medical editors to
help them provide the best possible information to a consumer audience of patients and health care professionals.
Experience has taught me how to build strong relationships with all departments at an organization. | have the ability
to work within a team as well as cross-team. | can work with web engineers to resolve technical issues and implement
technical enhancements, work with the development department to implement design and functional enhancements,
and monitor site statistics and conduct search engine optimization.

My salary requirement is in the $60,000 - $70,000 range.

Thank you for your consideration.

Signature

FirstName LastName
www.zamislisrbiju.org

l of | 5/29/2009 1:49 PM
Lecture Topics — Friday, November 4", 2014

Session 1 — Management of Posterior Uveitis
with Diana Shechtman, OD, and Jeffry Gerson, OD

Session 2— Management of Retinal Holes and Posterior Vitreous Detachment
with Diana Shechtman, OD, and Jeffry Gerson, OD

Session 3- The Future of Refractive and Cataract Surgery
with Raymond Stein, MD

Session 4 — How to Use Nutritional Supplements in Posterior Segment Conditions
with Diana Shechtman, OD, Jeffry Gerson, OD, and A. Paul Chous, MA, OD

Session 5 — Diabetes from the Eye of the Beholder and Diabetes Disasters
with A. Paul Chous, MA, OD

Lecture Topics — Saturday, November 5", 2014

Session 6a — How a slit lamp can save lives: The crucial role of optometrists in the early
diagnosis of Lysosomal Storage Disorders
with Langis Michaud, OD, MSc

Session 6b — Social Determinants in Aboriginal Health
with Charlotte Reading, PhD

Session 7 - 3D Technology in the World of Entertainment & Education: 3D Vision Syndrome
with Dominick M. Maino, OD, MEd

Sessions 8 and 9 - Glaucoma: Diagnosis and Treatment
with Michael Chaglasian, OD

Lecture Topics — Sunday, November 6", 20114

Session 10 — Anterior Segment Disease and Treatment - Part 1
with Paul Karpecki, OD, and C. Lisa Prokopich, OD, MSc

Session 11 - Anterior Segment Disease and Treatment - Part 2
with Paul Karpecki, OD, and C. Lisa Prokopich, OD, MSc

Session 12 — College of Optometrists of Ontario Presentation — Writing Prescriptions
with the College of Pharmacists of Ontario, Paul Karpecki, OD, and C. Lisa Prokopich, OD, MSc

About Our Speakers:

Paul Karpecki, OD — Dr. Karpecki serves as the Cornea Services and Clinical Research Director of the Koffler
Vision Group in Lexington, Kentucky. He completed a fellowship in Cornea and Refractive Surgery in 1994.

C. Lisa Prokopich, OD, MSc — Dr. Prokopich is a Clinical Lecturer and Head of the Ocular Health Clinic at the
University of Waterloo, School of Optometry.

Diana Shechtman, OD -— Dr. Shechtman is an Associate Professor at Nova Southeastern University, College of
Optometry, where she serves as an attending optometric physician at the eye institute and diabetic/macula clinic
Jeffry Gerson, OD - Dr. Gerson graduated from the Indiana School of Optometry in 1997 and completed a
residency in ocular disease and low vision at the VA Medical Centre in Kansas City.

A. Paul Chous, MA, OD - Dr. Chous has a private practice specializing in diabetes and eye care in Tacoma,
Washington. He received the American Diabetes Association’s Distinguished Public Service Award in 1998.
Raymond Stein, MD — Dr. Stein is the Medical Director of The Bochner Eye Institute and Assistant Professor of
Ophthalmology at the University of Toronto.

Langis Michaud, OD, MSc - Dy. Michaud is an Associate Professor and Chair of the Contact Lens Department at
the School of Optometry, University of Montreal.

Charlotte Reading, PhD — Dr. Reading is an Associate Professor at the School of Public Health and Social Policy
in the Faculty of Human and Social Development, University of Victoria.

Dominick M. Maino, OD, MEd - Dr. Maino is a Professor of Pediatrics and Binocular Vision at Illinois College of
Optometry and the Iilinois Eye Institute.

Michael Chaglasian, OD - Dr. Chagiasian is the Chief of Staff at the Illinois Eye Institute and an Associate
Professor at the Illinois College of Optometry.

 
DoB: 10" Sep, 1973

Status: Single Email: mysoresv@yahoo.com

Sheshadri M. Venkatadri
Academic Record
PGDM, Indian Institute of Management Calcutta, 1997-99
Major: Systems & Finance.

B.Tech. (Civil Engineering), Indian Institute of Technology Madras, 1993-97
Work Experience

Infosys Technologies Ltd.

May '03 -Current,
Designation: Project
Manager
Location: Bangalore, India
&

Seattle, USA

Mar '03 - Apr '03,
Designation: Project
Manager
Location: Leicester, UK

Client: Nordstrom Inc.
> Description:
Y Nordstrom is one of largest high end retail chains in the US
Y Nordstrom had implemented Oracle Financials R11i across all of its key
businesses including Nordstrom Credit and nordstrom.com
Y Infosys is assisting Nordstrom in
1. Consolidating its set of books.
2. Re-designing it’s chart of accounts
3. Re-developing its Financial Statements
Role: Functional Consultant

» Leading a team of 3 functional consultants offshore to re-structure the

Chart of Accounts

» Responsible for end-to-end re-design and development of financial
statements based on the new COA hierarchies

> Responsible for interfacing the Oracle GL data with Essbase, a reporting tool

being used by Nordstrom for drilldown reporting

> Project Management including billing, resource and task allocation

Client: Fischer Rosemount Services (FRS), Emerson Process Management, UK
> Description:
v FRS is part of the Emerson Group of companies and has operations in
most European countries
¥ Infosys was assisting FRS in moving to Oracle Applications R11i from JD
Edwards 7.3 across 71 legal entities in western and central Europe
v¥_ The modules involved were GL, AP, AR, OM, FA and Projects
Role: Project Manager & Team Lead

>» Led a team of 4 functional consultants to study the existing business
processes in FRS

v

Based on the existing processes, we arrived at a suggested organization

structure for Emerson Europe that would form the basis of the Oracle

R11i implementation

» Was the single point of contact for all client interaction and had the
bottom line for all deliverables

» Inaddition to my role as project manager, I was also the functional lead

for the AP module

 
Address Line 1
Address Line 2
Address Line 3
Address Line 4
Address Line 5

20% December 2015

Dear Sir / Madam

lam writing to you with regards to the recent position for Trainee Recruitment
Consultant that Isaw advertised on icover.org.uk

lam currently working as a (insert title) at (Insert Company) but am keen to
make a career change into the fast paced recruitment industry.

When I saw the position at (insert company name) advertised, I immediately felt
I should apply. My backeround includes a variety of roles, which combined make
a strong knowledgebase and skill-set for a role in recruitment.

lama motivated and enthusiastic individual looking to make a change both
personally and for those I work with. I feel I have the skills and experience to

competently take on and flourish in this role.

Please find attached my current CV, which details my experience along with my
technical skills.

I believe I have the right qualities and attributes for the Trainee Recruitment
vacancy.

I very much look forward to hearing from you,

Yours Sincerely,
NAME EXAMPLE

Phone: (615) 537-1036 | Email: supporto<presumes com,
‘Address: 1111 Katona Lane, Nashville, TN
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Highly quatiied and results-driven profesional, demonstrating solid interpersona
communication, and problem soling sblls Adept at providing exemplary eostomer seve
oaching aed mentoring employees, and achieving all company goals and lyectives.Enengetic
and goaloriented with a
fopimizing employee pectormance. Curevntly seking a postin: slit wll tlize all sil

pressive performance ricond and a wellunded backyrourd In
tilted ees of eapertie as flloe

+ Customee Service + Team Muilling/Leadenbip + Clieat/Vendor Relations
+ Data Ftes/Aecwraey Relationship Balding

a Periormanee Bsaluation
© Administaive Support +, Recordi Maintensace

Customer
‘Team Collaboration
Problem Solving
Stl Training Covshing,
Sale Technigoes

+ ShippingReseising,
+ States Negotition

Core ComPrrENCIES

Proving esceptiona customer service while ensuring satsacton and gues etention,

Adressing nd shipping merchandise, eeceving nd recording incoming ems, nd aeranging

forthe transportation of vats toms and prstocts

“Teaingand caching ne employes mpone spears prov eel
onmarst.educate Uhm on company products and services.

Highly motivated, ich leatne, and committal tam plier with» song work thc,
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Customer Service Representative, Company Name Ants, CA Ot, 2009 Present

‘Responsible tor resolving all problems while ensuring. the delivery’ of excellent customer
service through ast and accurate order processing

+ Nurture relationship with clients, superiors, coworkers and other business profesional

+ Motiwate employees #0 mect sid exces al tngete business obctives sole cea
innovative promotional marketing strategies and conducting presentations fr cients

EDUCATION HisToRY
Albany State University - Alkan, GA +S. Criminal fasts (May 2007)
Pefiient n MS Otte (Woed, Esc, & PowerPoint)

Masb ej ocr Besionsin Sansome CR Sn
relations skills, and ability to consistently develop positive rapport with animals and their
owners,
Highlights of Qualifications and Experience
‘* Skilled in providing supportive veterinary care to traditional and exotic pets. Expertise in bird
maintenance (clipping wings, cutting nails and filing beaks)

® Assist veterinarians during patient exams and procedures; act as surgical assistant during
routine and emergency surgery.

‘© Under veterinarians’ direction, maintain resource network and contact labs, veterinary clinics,
hospitals and universities for consultation and referrals

* Perform client teaching and provide post-pracedure home care instructions; respond to client
questions by telephone, referring to doctor when appropriate.

* Experienced in breaking down and reassembling laboratory equipment for calibration,
cleaning and maintenance. Collaborate with manufacturer representatives to troubleshoot
problems and make repairs whenever possible. Also skilled in disassembling, cleaning and
changing fluids in radiographic equipment (tank and processor methods).

* Schedule veterinary appointments; generate estimates and invoices; process kennel
admissions; feed and exercise animals; clean cages.

* Managed all facets of retail store operations including ordering and inventory, merchandising,
bookkeeping/banking and employee supervision.

* Skilled in performing and/or assisting with procedures including:

Patient assessment Vaccination set-up and administration
Blood drawing Post-surgical care

Blood, urine and fecal samples analysis Wound care

Instrument sterilization and packing Dental examinations and cleaning
Surgical set-up and assisting Heartworm and other treatments

Anesthetic nursing Patient charting

 
JESSE KENDALL

Elem Seroet« Miari, FL 33183 « Cell (205) 445] «kendalleanotmai.com
TECHNICAL SUPPORT ANALYST
Solu fount i teciealpraject munagsrnent,teshnoloys aiplevisnation an ET sisteyy devslapiment exptienes
Inchuding proisct leadership in ercation of web base platfern selutions. Problem sclter sth advanced technical
Irovloige tho excels in challenging siaations Thomash sypericnosd i effectively handing mint
eallines simul
fy. Nine seus ul experience in sles and cent fcLitionship Huanugemen
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
pport Analyst Level I, ABC Online, Mises, FL, 2094 2048
od Wb devclopets, Web progeummers. and lernet tnerchunts $4 pho
Prsthicts and installing the SDK on Winsowes, Cini. and UNIX eichin
trplermcatatie
chat. and
inclu
mail ntczeating payors

Tava, SSP-PHP. and Peo
+ Finish pesmi casts supp fer merchants
cries Sinzaae atl Aust

+ Suvoihup to a arte cons form terminating accounts bs establishing tint and mending rltion-bips,
+ Pietise fr the Pages Phalucts sia © mal poe, and chat
Served as nson resource, aml primary jen of contucr Ke tmunagement an liens

lobo Financial ansiction and pasment
renalvedl technical wnat prt
echnical Support Analyst, BCD Techuologies, Mian, FL 2048-209
Scot all pramiunn merchants inthe 'S and Canal, Enter all e-mails and calls that came int the espetin
Vantive, an
Maintained und update the Prine
Lnowledge base. Provited management of call'e-oail tacking and tepcetny theaugh the Avasa Report system database to
simian satisactry SLA for all supp pessonns
ted apmpetate cases im the Clits wall tasking labs
1 Tivubleshot esse on e-commerce Web sites. elucated users om he functions ofthe safbwars, and uns
resale jeshons rit ferment pts and ptt st chan gs processor plat oar rm ion
Collaborate wh jyocessors and merchant secu pros wets hate anssing Fads unlesetlctnent ses,

sn tou
host netsork connects: isc with Web stvots
+ Andod metchane an Web fovchysrs in tstoutating proaels oa Websites al shopping cats
EDUCATION

A.A. ogres in Elestvicl Enginceting. NYZ Colless. Miami FL. 2
CERTIFICATIONS & TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES

AIX Support Specialist / CCNA Eqsotation - Netwerk Fundamentals CCN Exphratioa — Routing Protocabs and
Concspts: CCNA Exploration ~ LSN Switching and Wireless CCNA Exploration ~Acse-sing the WAN "CCNA
Cisco Contiad Ni
ak Associae (Attsipited Cormplstion indy 2044 Prirmes Level 2 Kinnsledge Champ

(MS Winulos 27100 2005 Presormal Server, NP, Fmis, UNIS, AIS

TCP AP, RIP vt, RIP 2, EIGRP. OSPF, VLAN. VTP. STP, RSTP, PYSTP. nter-V LAN
Routing, PPP, Frame Rela, HDI

Local Area Network (LAN), Wake Area Network (WAN)
MS Office 2000 (Want, Face PoserPoant, Outlock, Nese. eParon, Vantve, Chai
KANA Mail Auava Repeats. Primus Knuledgs Base

RS 60H IBM AS 2m, Sasi 3h, Cis Wiese Rottors Switches

Languages: HIML PHP. JavaScript Pest. NMIL. ASP

 
Your Name
ga Your Address

Your City Sat see United tates
youremalgmaiicom

[Today's Date]

{Hiring Manager's Name]

{341 Company Address

Company City, State, xxx

(Goo) reso

hiring manager@ gmail.com]

Dear Mr. /Mrs./Ms. [Manager's Name],

With reference to the advertisement on your website this week, I wish to apply for the role of,
Bookkeeper at your company.

‘Asan analytical and dynamic individual who has a proven history of exceeding expectations
‘through performance, I believe I would be able to participate and impact considerably tthe
ongoing operational success of your company. Some of the Key talents Ican bring include
streamlining payroll processes, improving receivables turnover, and creating a more effective
system for issuing invoices.

‘My present employment at Franklin & Rodgers Business Solutions as a General Bookkeeper has
helped me to develop my abilities in key commercial areas such as financial calculations,
formulating invoices, and corsecting spreadsheet errors.

‘ean combine my effective communication skills with functional knowledge to identify
opportunities and deliver a satisfactory outcome while working alone or as a part of a larger team.
‘You will find me as someone who can juggle both financial and bookkeeping responsibilities along
‘with general administration and customer service tasks.

Thave enclosed my resume for your review and would be thankful for an opportunity to meet with,
you in the near future to further discuss my application.

Sincerely,
[Name]

[Bookkeeper Cover Letter]


Aleksandra Czaslavska
FREE EBOOK:

Top 10
Tech Data
cover letter samples

WE

@
ARE AS % ¢€
HIRING aa @. *::-
Linus, Windons O8NTIQUKWNPIME, Solatis, Macintosh OS. AIX,

LANAVAN, VIAN, TCPAP, Hiner (1 HMFLOW), DNS, DSL file ad prin

sharing configuration

Software / Tools: MS Otfice, Access, Proyeet, Visto, Hyena, Insight Manager, Ghost, FracktT
anv sofwage, ESeeue,Inneulate FF, Dreamweaver, Flash. Apache, Seba

Program HTML. Per, PHP. tas Applets, Java Senpu

Hardware: PC and Server assembly sad repait, Siteies ours, hubs, peripherals
PROFFSSIONAL EXPERIENCE,
Marymount Manhattan College, New York. NY WNL Present
Senior Technician / Help Desk Supervisor
+ System Administrator, Help Desk Manager, and final escalation pot forall echnical support issues
system adminstators esponsile fy providing us account management and setwavk die
anon or 3,010 plus NT 4230 ad Bachan
Canty ou nenwonk maintenance, inelaling patching. VLAN enitacements, and demain managemenn

+ Admimser, maintain. and update web server. insill and configure operating systoms, an provide soppet
Fo Outlook Web Access, Diagrone and resoive webserver iswies, Redesigned wel seers iteice

+ Osers configuration ot stident computers to communicate with schoel network, Completed oxer SI
private seus in past yee

Support schoo: PC “works comprising ever 300 units sscluding computer Lorton.

= Train asd mentoe help desk wemnisians, Schedule aff, Mon and evaluate perfomance. Pessonaliy
manage majority of toubletekels cach moth

+ Implemented jwocediral changes wd taining policies that have reced resolution oF 95% ou
Tickets fan avenge of te days ome busines ay

+ Actively involved in review, selection and puhase of new technologies and applications

Rockland LLC. Jersey City. NI aan 20M
Technology Manater

+ Dinveted al technology snd sppont Ganctons for ths star up ave hosting company that serviced private
individu sd small nesses, Maimsined vier 300 cheats

+ Worked with customers to determine needs, atchitected hosting and DNS configuration, performed set ups
snd troubleshooting
SPERIEN
Pe eer Cobre vitversiey) Mechical Colt
‘bce Pane S908 Suet
Your Name neo

worwyour-websitecom
Diagnostic Medical Sonographer PRN
seftersonville, IN

‘SUMMARY

‘Seeking a position as a diagnostic medical sonographer working in a healthcare environment with the
highest standards of patient care,

WORK EXPERIENCE
Diagnostic Medical Sonographer PRN

Harrison County Hospital

Sep 2011 ~ Current

‘© Scanning patients as orclered to obtain the best images possible for Abdomen, OBGYN and Vascular
stucies

Reporting to radiologi
as observed

+ Performing portable ultrasounds in the hospital ac needed

+ Communicating with other members of the healthcare team to ensure that the diagnostic needs are
ists when necessary about pathologies seen and specific characteristics of them

met efficiently and the patient's experience goes smoothly in the facility
+ Attention to patients needs and comfort to help ensure their satisfaction

Diagnostic Medical Sonographer PRN
Norton Brownsboro and Audubon Hospitals
‘Aug 2011 ~ Current
‘© Performing the scans ordered thoroughly capturing the highest quality images obtainable
Consulting with radiologists as needed about pathologies seen and specific characteristics of them as
observed
‘© Assisting the radiologists in performing procedures such as biopsies, paracentesis and thoracentesis
‘© Taking the equipment portable as needled to perform the scans orderedt
+ Communicating with other members of the healthcare team to ensure that the diagnostic needs are
met efficiently and the patient's experience goes smoothly in the facility
+ Attention to patient's needs and comfort to help ensure their satisfaction

Veterinary Triage Nurse
Jefferson Animal Hospital, Louisville, KY
2007 - Current
+ Thaging emergencies as they arrive, assessing ertical emergencies
+ Patient check-in, registration paperwork, explaining procedures and calming owners

‘© Assisting doctors in providing care, administering subcutaneous fluids, injections, and completing
records

+ Filling prescriptions, documenting controlled medications, explaining to owners how medications are
given
‘Answering client questions, reviewing vaccine protocols and discussing preventatives with clients,

Student Clinicals in Diagnostic Medical Sonography at Baptist Hospital East, Norton
Jefferson Community and Technical College, Louisville, KY
SAMPLE VETERINARY STUDENT RESUME
STILL N. SCHOOL

Phone: 509-123-4567 123 Anywhere Street
Email: stillnschool @ vetmed.wsu.edu Pullman, WA 99163

Objective: To gain more clinical experience prior to graduation through summer employment
and/or a senior internship in the Reno area.

Education:

2002-present 2" Year Veterinary Student
Washington State University CVM/Oregon State University CVM

May 2002 Bachelor of Science, Animal Science, Pre-Vet Option
Minor: Chemistry
Oregon State University, Corvallis OR
Summa cum Laude, GPA 3.92

Summer Work Experience:

2003 Merck Merial Research Project: Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR
Project title: Use of Constant Rate Infusion of Ketamine in Alpacas for Analgesia
as Demonstrated by MAC (minimal alveolar concentration) Values. Performed
basic physical exams, TPRs, set jugular catheters, monitored CRI machines in
blinded study, aided in induction of and recovery from anesthesia, and monitored
response to noxious stimuli for six alpacas. Constructed laboratory notebook and
compiled and presented data at 4" Annual Merck Merial Veterinary Scholars
Symposium. Publication pending.

2001 Veterinary Assistant: Pacific Veterinary Clinic, Grants Pass, OR
Assisted five on-staff doctors with preparation for patient treatment, radiographs
and surgeries. Aided with farm calls, preparation for and assistance in large
animal surgeries, preventative care, and pregnancy confirmation. (approximately
500 hours)

2000 Veterinary Assistant: Allen Creek Vet Hospital, Grants Pass, OR
Demonstrated knowledge of technical competencies such as animal restraint,
blood draws, processing of lab work, radiographs, and preparation of and
assistance in surgery. Provided excellent patient care. Proven client relations and
communication skills. (450 hours)

1999 Job Shadow: Allen Creek Vet Hospital, Grants Pass, OR
Prepared and assisted in surgery, restrained animals, took vitals and temperatures.
Performed excellent patient care. Responsible for preparing prescriptions.
Maintained professional appearance and cleanliness of clinic. (92 hours)

Marcy Brown @ Counseling and Wellness Services @ ADBF 1025 @ 509-335-0774 @ mbrown@vetmed.wsu.eduWork CANDIDATE JOB

1200 W. Main Ave. * Chicago, IL L111 + (773) 555-8366 + ajob@hsieh.com
SUMMARY
‘A highly talented pharmacy student skilled in clinical pharmacology, pharmacy management, and research.
‘Strong background in research and development. Four of seven clinical clerkships completed. Experienced
{in hospital and retail pharmacy operation. Strong research and experimental background, with exceptional
‘analytical and problem-solving skills. Knowledgeable In preparing and delivering papers and presentations.
Familiar with patient counseling and monitoring, literature research, drug consults, and program evaluation.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
10)
University of Ilinois at Chicago College of Pharmacy, Chicago, IL
Doctor of Pharmacy candidate (anticipated May 2002)

Phi Beta Sigma, National Freshman Honor Society, Dean's List

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
‘Highland Park Hospital, Highland Park, IL. 2001 - Present
Pharmacy Technician

‘© Responsible for in-patient pharmacy and medication preparation for 180 room hospital

‘© Perform IV preparations, dispense antibiotics, medications, and controlled substances.

‘© Cary out special projects, such as drug protocol audits

‘© Manage inventory, and enter patient prescriptions into database for billing purposes.
ston, HL. 2000 - 2001

Pharmacy Technician
‘© Communicated with patients and gathered information on background, medical
tory, and prescription
history
tiated new patient files, and updated existing files. Organized and coordinated patient
‘© Reviewed and filled prescriptions, and provided customers with information and counseling regarding
prescriptions and other medications
Monitored and maintained pharmacy inventory
Responsible for office administration and cashier functions,
University of Mlinois at Chicago, Chicago, I 1995 — 1998

Research Assistant, Department of Chemistry

‘© Assisted researchers with projects involving methodologies for chemical syntheses and study of structure ~
function relationships.
Performed background research utilizing print and Internet chemical literature searches,
‘Operated state-of-the-art analytical instrumentation, including IR and NMR spectrometers, and performed
various separation techniques, such as TL and HPLC.

‘© Carried out data entry, and uilized computerized data management and manipulation software

(CLINICAL CLERKSHIPS

“Module 5: Advanced Spectalty, in progress

Aon Consulting Ine.

‘© Evaluate pharmaceutical benefit managers and disease state management vendors.

‘© Participate in process of Request for Proposal (REP) preparation, and research current trends and issues in
prescription drug utilization

‘* Perform research into medication recalls, cost trends, drug use, legislative actions, quality of life issues, drug
coverage decisions, and drect-to-consumer advertising,
‘Conduct formulary comparisons for hospitals and private companies,
‘Carry out evaluations of new medications and prepare drug benefit analyses.
‘Thank you for the opportunity to apply for the open Pharmacy Technician position at [Target
Company], as advertised on indeed.com. [Target Company]’s reputation for excellent customer
service is unparalleled. I am a certified pharmacy technician (CPhT) and I am confident that my
strong track-record of maintaining customer relations in high-traffic pharmacies makes me the
perfect candidate for the job.

‘Some of my noteworthy achievements include:
‘Coached staff in best service practices, increasing customer retention rate by 18%

‘Mastered various medical insurance billing practices, reducing billing issues by 34%
Operated and balanced cash register with average daily cash flow of $16,000

noticed in your job description that you prefer candidates who have knowledge of intravenous
supplies. I received my Sterile Products (IV) certification last October, and have since prepared
‘an average of 11 IV packs per day at my current job. I hope you will give me the opportunity to
‘continue to excercise these skills at [Target Company]

 
Mia Martin
Tron Sea sew Cand casio
a 53215

ear ie

rein reponse to yor ae sstng a arin Atet yl Tac Pfe one A
hat caowters Arai Sart! ou ig aesowat Reb onshore

In arte peste, tana ce Retna a nara whl rede
imnsiae sip’ fae tacd peur cars. Foveahroce eben sng a
‘roe depen pd thee oe rep tuts om ens nent
‘ee omer an arate 2 prota nub ogag ORC

pastry Lam ego

utg inte ap wih cals es veers IP
aecing oepere, preg, andere i enc) 9 SU
rt gers ard wer decane at spr bes Nas

gis ytd coer ond rave! arangemetoanar often

1am astreedscl at vetory menasenet, resins agp rd wt ney a
2 deel arr wth Merz Wor xe, re Pear, dap Ue 1 Ne OMS
‘sage team te Tar Prsesenas, hop ts prdefest ate insane tet
Sdogmaeonteyaetm

ey ree refers ar ct Hg fe oe octet ne tur it convene

Sore,
august 16, 2037

Richard Tarke
Chairman — Board of Directors
Tidiacom

2705 Homestead Rd.

San Jose, CA 10.005

Dear Rich,

1 am confident I will be an excellent fit for TVidia.com’s CTO position. I have proven success in
product innovation, entrepreneurship, and product development in video technology over the past
45 years. Iam seeking to leverage my data-driven software development abilities in a new and
challenging role.

In my current role as CTO for Render, I oversee all product development for our venture-backed
startup focused on delivering modern virtual reality headsets, mapping, and simulation products. 1
determine the overall strategic direction of product development and uphold the company’s position
at the forefront of technology by focusing on product content and user design,

Previously, I was Chief Technical Architect and Vice President for Envisio.io, Lead Technical
Architect for AdNext, and Founder and CTO of VidEx Networks, Inc. Please review the enclosed
resume for farther details.

Please consider a few highlights of my career:

¥ Responsible for delivering 15 products in less than two years with proven revenue growth of over
$300 million,

Delivered nomerous training modules and presentations by collaborating with top engineers
from Google, the US Army, the Weather Channel, Fmirates Airlines, and the USC School of
Architectare,

Responsible for overseeing team to produce world’s first self-editing video using machine
learning technology, resulting in numerous patents.

After our initial discussions about the role, I researched additional product strategies for

‘Teidia.com. As GPU-based deep learning technology develops at breakneck speed, smart camera

products and systems are proving to be h

and my leadership, together we can continue to develop new products and position TVidia for long.

‘term growth,

revenue generators, With your world-class engineers
1 look forward to scheduling an interview at your earliest convenience. Please call 605.337-9559 oF
email me at youremail@ gmail.com. Thank you for your consideration,
ANTHONY
0XX00000XKS,
poaxry_sxP@yahoo.c0.in
Dated:

Dear Sit/ Madam,

Please find the resume attached for the position of X000K. I'm particularly interested in this opening / position, which relates
strongly to my over 7 years of experience in Employee Engagement, Relations & Counselling, HR
‘Transformation Projects, HR Policy, Payroll & Compliance, Implementation, Employee Grievance, OD
Interventions and Rewards & Recognition, etc.

In my present role as HR Manager-Leading the HR Operations for ABC Pvt. Ltd. (Start-up), I believe I meet
all the essential criteria for the position. 1 am having the following responsibilties:

‘+ Heading the Human Resource of the organization (joined ABC as 2" employee and incubated the department)

* Developing the department from start & handling recruitment, training, compliance, systems, policies & procedures

‘+ Formulating & implementing the strategies for HR Management & Development, including recruitment/selection
policy/practices, discipline, grievance, counseling, pay and conditions, contracts, training & development, etc.

+ Handing the hiring process, entailing advertising open positions, screening resumes, shottisting prospective
‘candidates, coordinating and conducting preliminary interviews, employment tests, reference & background checks,
drafting offer letters, et.

Responsible for:
© Time Office Management, which includes employee attendance, leave policy, etc.

‘© Handling compensation & benefits domain and handling employee wellness programs as well

© Taking care of all the necessary statutory compliances for the organization and to look after the whole
administrative department's work

© Coordinating with Insurance companies for employee health & accidental insurance policy and updating the same
periodically

© Managing the training calendar and organizing training programs (both behavioural/technical) for all the
‘employees at periodical intervals

© Conducting the Exit Interview Process for the resigned/ quit/ terminated employees for having a smooth
separation for both employee and the organization

‘= Working closely with all departments, increasinaly in a consultancy role, assisting line managers to understand
and implement policies & procedures; Frame a clear and easily implementable HR Policies

* Functioning as a link between management & employees, addressing & resolving employee grievances and
implementing disciplinary procedures
1am now looking to take up roles in HR Operations/Employee Engagement, Relations & Counselling/HR
‘Transformation Projects/Payroll & Compliance in Any sector. In addition, I am open to assignments in any
location.

Tam keen to join your firm due to its leading position in the industry, great organizational culture, spirit of
innovation, professionalism that characterizes your firm and its employees. I am attracted to this role on account that
it offers such as defining the long & short-term goals for firm for ensuring positive results in areas of HR
management practices.

T have high-level of communication and interpersonal skills and I am an effective leader, with the ability to work in a
culturally diverse environment. I have a strong business focus as well as excellent people management and resource
management skills. With my qualitative experience and knowledge of Employee Engagement, Relations &
Counselling, HR Transformation Projects, HR Policy, Payroll & Compliance, Implementation, Employee
Grievance, OD Interventions, Rewards & Recognition, etc., I believe I could make a valuable contribution to
your team and help lead the organisation to further success.

 
Scholarship Application Cover Letter Sample

Department of Computer Science
Edu-Tech University College of Alberta
Deytown, CA 98555

March 4%, 2014

Ms. Patricia Fischer
Dean of Students

Student Affairs Department
Fa-Tech University
Drytown, CA 98555

RE: Schola
‘hip Application
Dear Ms. Fischer

| am writing to submit my application for a scholarship Irom Fidu-Tech University’s Financial Aid Program
for the fall semester 2014. Presently, | am a first year student in the Master of Computer Sefenee program.
Attached is a copy of my first semester's results for your approval, Iam also attaching a copy of my high
schoo! grades to verify my diligence in my studies.

Jam currently dealing with some financial difficulties, and am unable to pay my fees for the fall semester |
have designs to obtain a part-time position in order to finance my studies, but it will likely not be enough
to cover the whole tuition and accommodation fee in addition to my normal living expenses, Hased on my
financial situation, | am requesting a student scholarship so that | would be able to carry en with my
studies while I work to better my circumstances,
Thank you for your consideration. Ifyou require any further information regarding my application, you
may contact me anytime at (55) 555-0149, | will contact your secretary to follow up with you in the
coming week
Sincerely,

{Signature}

Derrick Judge
orga pete

Resumes & Cover Letters

Depending on wom you ab, a resume may ho vowed asthe single most important vice ia
your jobsearch, The goal ofa osu so gean interview no aj. Mes recruiters wll
Spend appronimately Il scons scanning your res wo seria tht your res i
Professtonall and concisely formated sing main headers and bullets. As an undergrd your
"sume shuld e kept oe page in eat. When you sive your esume al he le "Vout
‘Nam Resume de” so rcriters can ast ident

sven mn

tae roping
SESS ae
‘soiree
Contact Info
‘maleate ied popes

Objective

Education

tse th ect hoist degre ns
itch crib lug GPA; rc om oy aad

Experience
Senin i hig Poe oh incite rapcas pets
‘tech dpane th ots ite ing eb it an comin ta ad
‘ons ropumhi sonpntmenh ond gui cs
Sateen pring sn, whip tata fags npg cnn, mane
ies do cat mann i sal pay mats vss vce

Activities or Leadership
‘+ Reduce workers compensation chims, insurance premiums and labor expenses through monitoring nd
‘aldressing employee hehavior and enforcing safety regulations,
4+ Manage profit and lose statements to ensure highest return and mect sakes target.
1 Educate store managers on waste reduction and production quantinice in produce, deh and meat deparments in
‘onler to minimize le and achieve targets
{+ Developed and implemented programs and initiatives including:
‘© “Firstonthe Pie” program inching mecting wth and coaching dstat stare managers ta improve
‘overall store performance and standard,
© Succession plan For furure store managers in order to continue the devehpment of management talent
inching edoeational meetings on key company initiatives, inventory management, and working capital
9 Fluvaccine initiative thraugh cashier and pharmacy engagement which was adopted company-wide and
Ibu base For Furure busines.

Marketing Director 24072010
‘Coordinated matkeing and advertising planning and communication For 138 real stones in Five stats.
‘+ Developed product presentations far divstnal execution in 135 stores
1+ Managed merchandising efforts inchiding developing events and displays, weekly advertisement speci and
nigoration of space For product displays
‘+ Led business unit managers in reducing inventory and increasing profit margin and sak revenue
{+ Gollaborated with senir executive management and Big Retailer CEO on daision sles and merchandising

Store Manager 200132047)
© Managed four different Big Retailer stores with focus on inventory management, perishable and non-perishable
Shrinkage, working capital, and on-hand inventory percentage
{+ Travded to various districts to improve low-performing sores in the areas of worker safer, customer service,
‘operational standard and store conditions Led an underperforming district to top in the company

‘+ Provided crcative merchandizing statepies to optimize sales and achive bonus ages
‘+ Trained new and existing employees on eustomer service attbutes.
{+ Mainiined high success ate with anboarding and accmating external store managers for leadership training,
4+ Assessed salary and overtime utaze and made recommendations for bor neede and costs
EDUCATION
Bachelor's in Business Management 208

University of Phoenis, Denver, CO
Food Industry Executive Certificate

Food Safery Cerificate

University of Southesn California, Marshall School of Business, Las Angeles, CA

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT & AFFILIATIONS

Big Retiler Advancing Leaders training program
Seketed as {of 10 District Sales Managers cur of M0 stares to attend avanced leadership training.
Advanced Retail Career Development training
Continuing education on financial reports and action plans.

Member of Network of Executive Women,
National and Denver Chapters

© 2016, Donna Shannon and The Personal Touch Career Services. 27
10) fe) Ste) RR OF DONORS

It is with great pleasure that we recognize these alumni, faculty, friends and institutional donors

for their generous contributions to the Illinois College of Optometry. We thank you for your

partnership in the ongoing fulfillment of our educational mission.
This honor roll reflects cumulative giving of
$5,000 or greater for gifts received through
June 30, 2017.

VISIONARY'S CLUB

$500,000 +

Alcon Laboratories, Inc

Essilor of America - Essilor Lenses

Lloyd A. Fry Foundation

Illinois Children’s Healthcare Foundation

The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation

Alfred A. Rosenbloom, Jr, OD, MA, DOS and
Mrs, Sarah Rosenbloom

FOUNDER'S CLUB

$100,000 - $499,999

Estate of Dolly Adams

The Alcon Foundation, Inc
Anonymous (2)

Otto H. Bender, OD

Chicago Community Trust

CIBA VISION

Cole Vision Corporation

Dr. and Mrs. Donovan L. Crouch
The Crown Family

Mary B. Demetros Estate

Dr. and Mrs. Dick Edwards

Eye Care Centers of America, Inc
Robert L. Fait, OD

The Field Foundation of Illinois, Inc
Grant Healthcare Foundation
Haag-Streit/Reliance Medical Products
C.K. Hill, OD, DOS, PhD, ScD

Estate of Kenneth S. Holm, OD
Illinois Eye Institute Foundation
Johnson & Johnson Vision Care
Richard S. Kattouf, OD, DOS
Bowman C. Lingle Trust

Lions of Illinois Foundation
Luxottica Retail

Dr. Alan A. Mandel and Mrs. Rae E. Mandel
Seymour Marco Family Foundation
Michael Reese Health Trust

www.imperialtattoopdx.com

National Vision, Inc

Peter and Elizabeth Nelson
OneSight Research Foundation
Polk Bros. Foundation

John N. Schoen, Jr, OD

Jeff W. Smith, OD, MBA, MHA
Dr. Donald W. Turner Trust
Vision Service Plan

Walman Optical Company
Washington Square Health Foundation, Inc
E. F. Wildermuth Foundation

CHAIRMAN’S CLUB

$75,000 - $99,999

Donald J. Bush, OD and Mrs. Sara A. Bush
Illinois Optometric Association

Donald D. Marquardt, OD

Retirement Research Foundation

Vistakon, Inc —a division of J & J Vision Care
VNA Foundation

Wesley-Jessen Corporation

PRESIDENT’S CLUB

$50,000 - $74,999

Allergan, Inc

Amoco Foundation, Inc

Association of Schools and Colleges of Optometry
Roger G. Bakewell, 0D

Max L. DeBolt, OD Trust

Dr. Newton K. Wesley Foundation

George M. Eisenberg Foundation for Charities
Fund of the National Eye Research Foundation
Estate of Mary Gooding

Dr. and Mrs. Philip E. Hottel

Illinois Society for the Prevention of Blindness
William E. Leadingham, OD

John A. Leon, OD

Steve A. Leon, OD

Gary Lesher, PhD and Mrs. Lynn Lesher

The McCormick Tribune Foundation

Bernard Nevel, OD

The Northern Trust Company

Estate of Elmer J. Pieper, OD

R. Elliot Politser, OD, DOS

Albert H. Rodriguez, Jr, OD, DOS & Family
Laura and Tim Rounce

Star Ophthalmic Instruments, Inc

Estate of Dr. Bruce and Mrs. Flora M. Thomas
Pui Lam Tsang, OD

USI Insurance Services Corporation

The Vision Council
Wal-Mart Foundation
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin S. Wolfe

DEAN'S CLUB

$25,000 - $49,999

Dwight H. Akerman, 0D

American Optometric Association

American Optometric Foundation

Anonymous (3)

Arol Augsburger, 0D

Irwin Azman, OD

L. Thomas Babu, 0D and Vasvi A. Babu, OD

Bausch + Lomb, Inc

Dr. and Mrs. James R. Butler

Brian W. Caden, OD, MA

Tony Q. Chan, OD

W. Judd Chapman, OD, DOS

Mark K. Colip, OD

Valarie Conrad, OD, MPH and Alan Weiler, OD

CooperVision

George F. Cribb, OD

Robert 0. Eastland, OD

Dr. and Mrs. Paul M. Erickson

Robert N. Lewenson, OD

Mr. John Gay

Genentech

Max Goldenberg Foundation

Mr. and Mrs. Dwain Hahs

Mrs. Geri Hansen

Sydney Harris, OD

Dr. Mark and Monica Hatfield

Ms. Karen J. Hennessy

Hoya Optical Laboratories

HVHC, Inc

J.P. Morgan Chase Bank

The Jenzabar Foundation

R. M. Kendrick, OD

Millicent L. Knight, OD

Knight Architect Engineers, Inc

Dominick M. Maino, 0D, MEd

Marquette Associates, Inc

Col. Stanley R. McNeil Foundation

Leonard V. Messner, OD and
Stephanie S. Messner, OD

Marie L. Miske Revocable Trust

Floyd D. Mizener, 0D, DOS, PhD

Charles F. Mullen, OD

Myrel A. Neumann, 0D

Wilhelm J. Pohl, OD, MD, DOS

C Clayton Powell, OD, MPH, DOS

Stephen H. Pugh, Esq.

Mr. Barry R. Riskedal

Janice E. Scharre, OD, MA
Darrell G. Schlange, OD, DOS
Southwest Contact Lens Society
U.S. Vision

Visionworks

Lawrence R. Vogel, OD

Estate of Philip E. Wells

W.P. and H.B. White Foundation
Howard |. Woolf, 0D, DOS
Walter S. Yasko, OD

Carl Zeiss Meditec

BENEFACTOR’S CLUB

$10,000 - $24,999

Mr. Steven Abbey and Ms. Pamela Brick
Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center
Robert L. Albertson, OD

All About Eyes

American Foundation for Vision Awareness
America’s Best Contacts and Eyeglasses, Inc
Anonymous (3)

Thomas E. Artley, OD

John L. Baker, OD, MS

Boyd B. Banwell, 0D

Bard Optical

Jordon Beller, OD

James A. Blasco, OD

Blind Childrens Foundation of Illinois, Inc
Sandra S. Block, OD, MEd, MPH, FCOVD
BMO Harris Private Bank

Thomas E. Bobka, OD

John E. Brandt, OD, DOS

Vincent W. Brandys, OD

Professor Stephen Brown

John and Toni Budzynski

Lucia S. Burrell, OD and Paul D. Burrell, OD
Martin E. Bush, OD

The Chan Family

Christopher C. Chiodo, OD

ClearVision Optical Company

Estate of Mary H. Condon

Mrs. Dale Conway

CRC Insurance Services, Inc

Craig D. Crouch, 0D

Crowe Horwath LLP

Dr. and Mrs, Kent M. Daum

Roger G. Davis, OD and Lisa N. Davis, OD
Ms. Patricia M. de Maat

Fred R. DeHaan, 0D

ANNUAL REPORT 2017 &
Top 8 veterinary assistant resume samples

In this file, you can ref resume materials for veterinary assistant such as
veterinary assistant resume samples, veterinary assistant resume writing
tips, veterinary assistant cover letters, veterinary assistant interview
questions with answers...
Other useful materials for veterinary assistant interview:
* resume 123.org/free-64-resume-samples
* resume 123.org/free-ebook-top- 18-secrets-for- writing-the-killer-resume

+ resume 123.org/free-63-cover-letter-samples
* resume 123.org/free-ebook-80-interview-questions-and-answers

* resume 123.org/free-ebook-top- 18-secrets-to-win-every-job-interviews
* resume 123.org/13-types-of-interview-questions-and-how-to-face-them
* resume 123.org/job-interview-checklist-40-points

* resume 123.org/top-8-interview-thank-you-letter-samples

* resume 123.org/top-15-ways-to-search-new-jobs

Useful materials: + resume 123.org/free-64-resume-samples
+ resume 123.org/free-ebook-top- 16-tips-for-writing-an-effective-resume
Levi Lorenz

Ist + Sam Le Obipo, CA 9340 + (06) $44-1274 + Mora calpoy cd

Objective
‘\cargor poston in Indstrl Enos in the biomedical industry

Summary of Qualifications
‘© Enginccring work expeicnce in x hish-tcch manactuning envioames

‘© Experience with the dssizn,installaon, ae impro\cineat fists stems Mat vtegrate people, echnologs
‘materia and information

1 Extensne hands-on pojcet work amolyngefficieny. work design and measure andusinalcoss and comols,
lla mgzcment and stem design ergonomics. stasis and operanonsrescarc

1 Espencace wih customer srs. sls fehngues and ntrperanal sot shall

# FIT Comics #68152

Education
California Pols tec Ste University, Sa Las Obispo
DBaclir of Science 1 Industrial Enneering une 2008
MujorGPA-36- OnerulGPA 34 Dean's Lat —4 quancrs

Industrial Engineering Experience
dustrial and Manufacturing Ensincering Co-op Spry Summer 2004
Alcoa Laborstones.Calanct Operations Division line CA.
‘© Designed and impicmsnicd a new mived-model assent line to accommodate 3 m8 prodst
4 Reorpaned enor spon to prevent atrial shortage i and ivcmtor
4 Compite various other dus aad migufscunng pects to suppor the Calarct sembly tne
© Gavesccral prescuttions 1 upper management, super Sors, and team members

Senior Project Cal Poy

‘© Deyelopaag a Decision Suppom Séstem Software lool use Microsoft Exes and Accesso crate sl sa, but
highs practical ERP system

4 Thosoftwate will lave an MRP engine, which willbe umegrated an linked with Hagncil al ss oF customer
‘orders. supply clei costs dict labor ows. ventory costs and overdo.

“Technical Group Prujects— Cal Poly

4 Developed attermaine Lyouts for CED Acrospace's Dado Assembly Arca while optimizing ma hours nd
materi ows

+ Creat Matenal Requremons Panning Program for hve prod sractues contig pats wth npn
and dependent demand

‘Used Operations Research Techmques fo determine the Rest combirton of feeds to mee wa Meal Ready to Eat

4 Redesgred an alarm clock 6 be mors ergonomics comet

Developed nd iecommerned nprovements oan evsing workstation losted at BIOpties Medic Products

Technical Skills

‘Created a working database using Microsoft Acces for given production systems
Profile using” Microsoft Facet, Word, PowerPoint, Miaitah & CADSCAM comput s\stems

Leadership / Involvement
‘© Vice-President, Alpha Pt Mu- Indust Engineering Honor Soc
“ lncresod membership by 204 though cree marking
losin oF Indust Engineors HE)
Cat Pots inant Sovest and Basketball

SPONSEEEF aa. sorte ral 2:25 tna per nec wise slo fin (2-128
Suggested Cover Letter for Author Journal Submission

Dear [publisher or editor name},

Enclosed is a manuscript to be considered for publication in [Journal name]. The
research reported in this manuscript has been funded through the National Institutes of
Health and therefore its publication must comply with the NIH Public Access Policy
(http://grants.nih. gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT-OD-08-033.html).

In order to ensure compliance with the NIH policy, I, as corresponding author on behalf
ofall the authors, am retaining the rights to:

‘* Provide a copy of the authors’ final manuscript, including all modifications from
the publishing and peer review process, to the NLM’s PubMed Central (PMC)
database at the time the manuscript is accepted for publication; and

* To authorize NIH to make such copy of the manuscript available in digital form
for public access in PMC no later than __ months (indicate 0 to 12 months) after
publication,
To prepare derivative works from the manuscript;
To authorize others to make any use of the manuscript provided that itis not sold
for a profit and that the author receives credit as author and the journal in which
the manuscript has been published is cited as the source of first publication; and

© Todistribute copies of the manuscript in connection with teaching and research
by the author and by the author’s employer.
By accepting this manuscript for review, [publisher name] accepts these terms and agrees
that the terms of this agreement are paramount and supersede any provisions in any
publication agreement for this article, already signed or to be signed at a later date, that
may conflict.
(Signature of corresponding author on behalf of all authors)

dleudaitadek net
SAMPLE VETERINARY CAREER POSITION RESUME

IAM A. VET
iamavet @ vetmed.wsu.edu
123 Homestead Place Phone: (509) 987-6534
Pullman, WA 99163 Cell: (509) 123-4567
OBJECTIVE

An Associate Veterinary position in a busy, mixed animal practice that will provide support,
mentoring and guidance while allowing me to test my knowledge, skills and abilities.

EDUCATION
May 2004 Doctor of Veterinary Medicine (DVM), College of Veterinary Medicine
Washington State University, Pullman, WA
e Passed National Boards, Washington and Idaho State Boards and
Clinical Competency Exam, December 2003
May 2000 Bachelor of Science, Animal Science
Washington State University, Pullman, WA
VETERINARY EXPERINECE
Veterinary Medicine Treatment Crew 8/2003 - present
Washington State University Veterinary Teaching Hospital Pullman, WA

Administered anesthesia, assisted with surgeries and treatments, performed clinical laboratory
work and diagnostic procedures, conducted research projects and provided animal care.

Lab Animal Technician, Field Disease Investigation Unit 5/2002 - present
Washington State University College of Veterinary Medicine Pullman, WA
Provided excellent care for laboratory animals. Demonstrated laboratory skills and techniques.
Assisted with and developed research projects that lead to improved treatment protocols for mad
cow disease.

RESEARCH EXPERIENCE
Research Technician, Washington Animal Diagnostic Laboratory 8/2000 — 5/2002
Washington State University Pullman, WA

Cared for research flock of 30 ewes for GMI gangliosidosis (storage disease research). Fed,
watered, monitored health, and delivered lambs.

Researcher, Department of Animal Sciences 8/1998 — 5/1999
Washington State University Pullman, WA
Assisted with a case/control study examining factors leading to Feline Vaccine-Associated
Sarcomas. Extensive knowledge of feline vaccines and other injections, manufacturers, methods
of administration and standard vaccination protocols.

Marcy Brown @ Counseling and Wellness Services @ ADBF 1025 @ 509-335-0774 @ mbrown@vetmed.wsu.edu
Scott A Frantz
595 Schneider Road
Sherman, TX. 75090
(903) 819-7276

SAP experience summary:

Professional experience:

SAP Experience(the modules listed refer to the

Eightoon years functional experience consulting on SAP Quality
Management macls. SAP varsions 3.04 frraugh 60

concentrating in Aerospace & Defense, Pharma, Auto, Medical devices
and high tech manufacturng (Diserote, Make fo Order and Enginaar to
(Order) solutons. Also expanence in integration wih Matoral
Management, Warehouse Managemant, Production Planning! Executon
and Salas & Disiebation,

‘Over thirty years experience in manufacturing and qualty assurance,
Eightoan yaars in hgh-toch ndusires electronic equipment
manufacturing, tslacammunication manufacturing. Over thideen years
‘ih IBM giabal business services as an SAP Quality functional
Consultant. Eight yoars with Fujitsu Notwork Communications Network in
multiple roles including SAP PDM Manager
.ct scope, my experience relates to

the QM aspect of the projects):

Bonjamin Moore PaintsiMonivaloINJ
KourgBuringionvT
Harly-Davidson/MihwaukoorW1

3 Cresiview AeraspaceiCrestviow/FL
‘Aba Labs.ChieagaiiL
Kennametal.LatabarPA

Johnson Contras Mawaukeo/W!
Marck EMD Serano,TarantaCanada
Gan-Prabe, San Diaga/cA

St Jude Medical, Brussels, Beigiam
Ingos, Clear LakalTx

‘Chamiberain, TuceoniAZ

CP keico, San DiagaiCA

Spin Astosystoms, WichitamkS
Locktoed Martin, Cherry HIN
Noramea Pharmaceuticals, AthanelGA
Kimball Electrones, PoznanPoland
Dasaull Falcon Jais, TeteroraiNd
GCSS ~ Army, ChestariVA

Braun Medical, BethiehamiPA
Baldor Elecinc, F1 SmAniAR

Kimball Electrones, JasperIN
EZOpen, Singapore

Lockhaed Marin, KennasawiGA
AlledSignal Turbo, ToraneaiCA
Fuyitsu Not Comm Sys., RichardsonTX

Ecoa0 = FLCOPP.MM.oN

ECOS0 ——MIM.APOMME:W yant/sD

ECCS0 © MMLAPOIME/AMW M/aM/SD

SAP 4.Gc MIMPP.SDPWM.ON

ECoa0 © MALPPIPM.QtiwM

Ecosa = an

ECOS0 © ON.PDM.PPM

ECO50 ——FLLCO.PP.MIM,aN.,SD

Ecoso = GMCRM

ECOS0 —FLLCO.PP.MM.ON.CRM.

SAP 4.90 FLCOPP-MM.PM.aNt

Eccs0 __FILCO.SD.MMPP.PM,aM.WM
SAP 5.0.” WiLOM

SAP 5.0. FI,COSD.MMPP.P.ONWM

ECCaO = FILCOMM,ON

SAP vite FILCO'SD.MMPP.PM.ONWM

SAPyiSe  FILCO'SD.MMPP-PMOMWM

SAP vise FILCO'SDMMPP'PMONWM

SAP V471—FLLCO'SD MN\PP.PM.G NWR

SAP vic FILCO'SD.MMPP.PM.OMWM

SAP V48e NHR

SAP W4Se FILO SD.MMPLM.OM.HR

SAP vise FLCO'SD.MM

SAP 450 FILCO'SD.MM.PP.PMONWMPS.HR
SAP V3.1" FLCO,SD.MM.PP.ON.WA\HR

SAP V30d— FILCO.SD.MMPP,OM.PS.HR
Career Development Offic
BASIC RESUME FORMAT

Sample Resumes for Law Students and Sample Resumes for Law Graduates are available. The following
template demonstrates the information that is typically included on a legal resume. When preparing your
resume, please review all samples, as you may find information from several of them helpful. Always
have someone (preferably a career counselor) review the final draft of your resume.
NAME
Current Address: Street * City, State * Zip Code * Phone
Permanent Address: (Optional - shows geographic connection)
E-mail Address

EDUCATION
(List all graduate and undergraduate degrees in reverse chronolo
Suffolk University Law School, Boston, MA
Candidate for Juris Doctor, May 2006

{Evening Students: Candidate for Juris Doctor, Evening Division, May 2006],
Class Rank: Top _% (list if in top third)

Honors: Law Review/Moot Court Honor Board
Section Competition Honors (LPS Class)
Activities: Competitions
Organizations

Undergraduate School, City, State
Degree, honors, major, dates
(Ex: Bachelor of Arts, cum laude, Biology, May 2003)
GPA\Class Standing (if distinguished)
Honors. Dean’s List
Scholarships/Awards
Activities: Varsity Swim Team

Volunteer Inner-City Tutor
Study Abroad: (may be listed as a separate entry if space is available)

EXPERIENCE
(May divide into separate sections, entitled “Legal Experience,” “Relevant Experience,” “Work
Experience,” etc.) Include full-time, part-time, internship and volunteer positions, Use reverse
chronological order within each section,

Employer Location (City, State)
Title Dates (Season or month and year)
Job description should include responsibilities and accomplishments, highlighting transferable skills. Use
action verbs. May be in paragraph or bullet style. Delete personal pronouns and articles (“I” and “the”.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
May title this section, “Skills and Inter:
skills, community service work, prot
interests or hobbies,
.” ete, Include foreign language skills, computer
izations, publications, and unique
<<CLINIC NAME>>

<<CLINIC ADDRESS>>

<<DATE>>

Dear Pharmacist,

‘Our patient has chosen your pharmacy for methadone maintenance treatment. We encourage
active communication between pharmacists and physicians for proper care of our patients. The

following clinic policies must be adhered to so that patient safety is maximized, You may page
me at <<PAGER NUMBER>>. Please do not give the pager number to the patient,
Clinic Policies
1. Patients are required to drink methadone dispensed in orange juice or orange juice substitute
in front of the pharmacist. Ask the patient to speak after drinking the dose to ensure that it has
been swallowed.

We need to be informed of any diversion,

We need to be informed if the patient mi

PHONE NUMBER>> to leave a message regarding this.

If three or more doses are missed in a row, the methadone dose must be withheld from the

patient to prevent an overdose. The patient must be reassessed at our clinic before methadone

is restarted, Please call to inform us.

5. If there is any evidence of intoxication or sedation (slurred speech, stumbling gait,
disorientation) the methadone dose must be withheld from the patient to prevent an
overdose. The patient must be reassessed at the clinic before methadone is restarted, Please
call to inform us.

6. Carries should be dispensed in childproof bottles, Patients should be told by the
pharmacist to keep the bottles in a locked box. We have already discussed this with
the patient.

7. Our prescription must be strictly adhered to with no extra doses, increases or decreases in
dose, or changes to carries without consulting the physician,

8. If the patient was observed by the pharmacist to vomit their methadone within half an hour of,
their dosage, then please notify the physician,

9. Carry bottles are to be returned to the pharmacy on a weekly basis.
es any methadone doses. Please call <<CLINIC
-
Sincerely,

<<PHYSICIAN NAME>>
‘Adapted from the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario, 2005, Methadone Maintenance Guidelines,
‘Appendix |. This document is available for download as part of the OpiATE Project Toolkit: please visit
methadonesaveslives.ca.RESUME
Name : MARIO C. ECHON
Address : P.O. BOX 3607.
Sharjah Nationality : Filipino
U.A.E Sex : Male
Contact No. : 050-3043309
Email Add. : marechz@ yahoo.com
Visa Status : EMPLOYMENT VISA

Position Applied : DESIGN DRAFTSMAN(CADD)/CADD TECHNICIAN

Objective : To impart my knowledge about Design & Drafting using Microstation Cadd / Auto Cadd
practices and standards to be used as a basis in the CADD department of your company. And also to
gain more knowledge and experience in big consulting companies with infra-structural & petrochemical
projects.

Year of Experience : Nineteen (19) Years

Education : Bachelor of Science in Architecture (BSA-1988)
Feati University, Manila, Philippines

Drafting Technology (1985)
Ramon Magsaysay Memorial School of Arts and Trades (RMMSAT)
Iba, Zambales, Philippines

Training/Seminars : Autocad 2000 Training Course (June 2003)
Institute of Arts & Sciences INFOTECH)
Manila, Philippines

YRAS Training Course (July 1992)
ARABSCAN, AlI-Khobar, K.S.A.

Training Course in CADD Intergraph (June 1991)
SATECH, Al-Khobar, K.S.A.

Training Course in CADD Microstation ( March 1990)
Manila, Philippines

Training Course in Hydrographic Surveying on Tidal current Observation
Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA-NAMRIA)

Training Course in Remote Sensing Workshop on Computer
Microbrian Digital Mapping Technology for Mapping and
Monitoring Philippine Resources

NAMRIA/Manila, Philippines

SUMMARY:
a

& pressrelease

Press Release Contact Information:
Kevin Savetz

Savetz Publishing, Inc

Manager

PO Box 1205,

Blue Lake, CA

US, 95525

Voice: +91 44 222 656

E-Mail: Email us Here

Website: Visit Our Website

Sites Offer Free Resume Templates and Cover Letter Examples to Help Land Jobs
The economy may be in flux, but one thing hasn't changed: Employers still expect applicants to submit an expertly formatted
resume, complete with a cover letter, if they want to be seriously considered for a job.

BLUE LAKE, CA, October 09, 2008 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Savetz Publishing, Inc. now offers two Web sites of use to job-
seekers: resume templates at InstantResumeTemplates.com and cover letter examples at CoverLetterExamples.net.
(Besides dozens of employment-related cover letters, the latter site also includes letters to accompany scholarship
applications, college admissions and various other situations.)

All of the resume templates and cover letter examples can be instantly downloaded and printed for free in .DOC format. The
files are fully editable in Microsoft Word and most other word processing programs.

"Competition for jobs is stiff, and the applicants who stand out will be the ones who have made sure to highlight their skills
on a professional-looking resume accompanied by a well-written cover letter," said Kevin Savetz, the sites’ creator.
"InstantResumeTemplates.com and CoverLetterExamples.net are designed to make that part of the job hunt easier.”

InstantResumeTemplates.com has dozens of sample resumes ready for job-seekers to customize. Some are
chronologically organized and very professional resumes, well others are more creative and informal. Several of the designs
are also appropriate for academic use. They are all available in both letter and A4 sizes.

The cover letter examples cover a wide variety of situations, from career change to responding to an online job posting.
There are also several articles on CoverLetterExamples.net with tips and advice on cover letter formatting, etiquette and
other important details.

The sites were created by Savetz Publishing, Inc., a company that creates high-quality, content-driven web sites.

Contact :

KevinSavetz

Savetz Publishing, Inc

PO Box 1205,

Blue Lake, CA 95525

+91 44 222 656
savetz@gmail.com
http:/www.savetzpublishing.com
NOLAN BALASINGAM

Computer Science Specialist

Resourceful computer science engineer, very familiar with (5S, 15 and Python. Enjoy problem
solving and creating helpful, reliable user experiences for online tech companies.

FEBRUARY 16, 2022

CONTACT Dear Hiring Manager,
I'm excited to be applying for the Project Manager position at Yellow Branch.
Address

1200 North Street,
New York City, NY

With an eye for detail and desire for organization, I thrive on keeping projects running
smoothly from start to finish. I'm eager to join the forward-thinking team
at Yellow Branch.

Phone Over five years at Crystal Planning, I worked on many of the company's critical projects,
955-550-5959 including the redesign of our flagship CRM system. With every project

Iworked on: I anticipated potential roadblocks, and kept the team on track to meet
Email scheduled milestones,resolved conflicts between departments, understood individual
nolanb@uwashington.com issues, and provided optimal solutions.

I learned to use new project management tools on the fly, to remain on the cutting
edge of project management. Over the years, I've worked with with cross-functional,
international teams which has taught me the importance of building trust, relationships,
and a shared project vision

Yellow Branch has a reputation for its optimized processes, quality leadership, and
comprehensive client care. I want to be part of a team that provides a great client

experience, and is continually improving how things get done.

Enclosed is my resume for your review. I'd love to discuss in detail the position at
Yellow Branch and the experience that I bring to the table,

ov

Thank you,
NOLAN BALASINGAM
Grupa Bayzone
Przebieczany 580
32-020 Wieliczka
Wieliczka, dn. 20.01.16r.

LisT REFERENCYJNY

Z przyjemnosciq potwierdzamy, ze w naszej firmie zostalo wdrozone narzedzie PCLOGGER firmy
Eleet Sp. z 0.0.

PCLOGGER okazat sie niezwykle przydatnym i skutecznym narzedziem, ktére szybko pozwolito
odzyskac petng kontrole nad zespotem i jego efektywnosciq. Teraz jednym kliknieciem od razu
widzimy, jaka jest sytuacja w zespole, dzieki temu szybko mozemy reagowac na negatywne sygnaty.

Prostota obstugi, automatyczne raporty czy dedykowana pomoc techniczna, to tylko niektore z
licznych zalet tego narzedzia.

Profesjonalizm oraz wysoka jakosé realizacji ustugi pozwalaja na rekomendacje firmy Eleet jako
powaznego partnera biznesowego.
RAV AONE
: 32-020 Wieliczka
YO -12 378 91 97
John Doe
2006208: trial Car Ck
epecarioy

Dione
Gore tmp_ssscmsmessavn detest
The Damn Good Resume: hitp://www.dainngood.com by Yana Parker is an example of many
sites that contain advice and examples for crafting effective resumes.

Scannable Resumes

Many employers are now using the latest technology to review resumes. If you want to increase
the chances of your resume being reviewed and considered for open positions, you should make
sure itis ascannable resume, This enables employers to electronically file your resume and then
track it by using keywords. In order for employers who use this new technology to be able to
locate your resume quickly, you should put it in scannable form. Click here for additional
suggestions and examples to assist you in preparing a scannable resume.

http:/ijobsearchtech. about. com/od/gettingthejob/a/ How ToMakeResume. htm
Resume Tips

1. Begin with a clear objective that states exactly what you want. If you don't have a clear
objective, skip it — presenting a vague one will not help you.

If you are an entry-level employment seeker, your resume should include an objective
statement because your work history may not clearly define your goals. This can be as simple as
stating the position for which you are applying.

If you choose to write a Qualifications Summary it should relay your key qualifications.
This will enable the hiring manager to immediately recognize your goal. If you have been working
in the same career field for a lengthy period of time and want to continue on this track, the
summary statement is a good way to send the message, “this is who | am’, rather than “this is
who I'd like to be”.

Example of Objective Statement for Entry Level Worker:
Dedicated DelTec graduate pursuing position of Machinist:

Example:of Qualifications Summary:
Talented and dependable Machinist, skilled in all aspects of industrial assembly machinery within
production oriented environments.

2. Examine job postings to learn which skills employers are looking for. Be sure to highlight your
relevant skills to the posted position. Your goal is to sell your skills so there is no question in the
employer's mind that you are right for the position.

3. Keep your resume brief and to the point. Use plain simple English that gets your point across
quickly.

4. Don't describe details of prior jobs; rather, explain what you accomplished. Your
achievements are what will make you stand out to an employer. List specitic accomplishments,
For example, perhaps you implemented a new process of some kind that resulted in saving time
and/or money.

5. Other than your primary skill(s), master machinist or senior auto mechanic, for example,
mention additional skills used on the job, such as managing the shop when the boss was away,
or taking the initiative to work with customers and explain a product or service, Don't forget to
mention relevant courses or training you have taken to update your skills,

www.zamislisrbiju.org

 
SAMPLE RESUMES
&
COVER LETTERS

THE RESUME

The resume has two primary functions: It introduces your skills and experience to potential employers, and it
reminds the potential employer of you after your interview. As a result, great care should be taken in selecting
the format you will use in the formal presentation of your skills.

‘The Format
Resumes come in three generally accepted formats: CHRONOLOGICAL, FUNCTIONAL, and
COMBINATION.

‘The CHRONOLOGICAL resume is a listing of your work experience and education history in chronological
order. Major categories usually include Education, Work History, Special Skills, and Affiliations and Awards.
This type of resume tends to be used by individuals who are entering the job market as well as those who are
changing jobs within a career field, which requires documentation of continuous activity.

‘The FUNCTIONAL resume organizes your experience according to specific skills or functions. Some major
categories are Technical Abilities, Work History, and Education, The Technical Abilities category allows you to
demonstrate your capabilities through your various experiences. This format is appropriate for the individual
who is changing careers or for a person who is reentering the work force after a period of absence. This resume
is especially effective for the individual with a lengthy work history.

The COMBINATION format merges elements of the Chronological and Functional approaches. Both the job
changer and the career changer can use this format to present capabilities and transferable skills combined with
‘work experience. This is probably the most common and most effective format

THE COVER LETTER

The cover letter is the introduction to your resume. Studies indicate your cover letter has a life expectancy of
about eight seconds, so it must be brief yet informative. The letter should have three recognizable parts: the
opening, which explains why you are writing; the main body, which lists two or three of your major
‘accomplishments and gives the reader a good reason to want to interview you; and the closing, which expresses
a desire for future communication. Your letter should draw a connection between the needs of the current job
opening and the skills you can bring to the job.

The following pages contain samples of resume formats as well a sample cover letter.
MADOLYN BATES

Ze Moin Sesh London, UK NWBOGE | (020) X00 900K | ME (020) XK XKK | emaisexorpiecom
Dear Ms. Newton

lam a surgical tech with years of experience and see myself os an excellent concidate for said
position with your organisation. Looking at my resume you will agree my technical and practical
skil match up with the detailed job description you posted on LiveCareer. For six years Ihave
had the honour of working with regarded surgeons and medical feams helping patients meet
their healin care needs.

‘The OR can be an intense and intimidating environment. | believe as ¢ surgical tech my role is
‘ensuring team coorcination. The effective surgical tech Is Getail oriented even tempered ang
‘empathetic, These are choractersties that | have demonstrates fime and again in the operating
room. My pre- and postsurgical care consists of tracking surgical materials and the appropriate
hanaling labeling and delivery of lab specimens. lam aks fluent in the surgical tech’s specific
systems and equipment.

Neither my resume nor this cover letter can fully convey how much | would like fo join your

medical team as ¢ surgical tech. I would really appreciate the opportunity to set up and come
Infor an interview. My Contact information is on my resume. can meet with you any afternoon
ext week look forward fo hearing from you

Best Regards

‘Madolyn Bates
Kathy Jobseeker

5704 SE 87" St. + Oklahoma City, OK. 73135 + (555) 555-3555 + jobseeker@hotmail.com
Objective: To pursue a career in the field of Radiography and Medical Imaging,

10)
Extensive background in technology. + Familiar with basic healthcare terminology.
Able to learn and apply knowledge effectively. + Detail oriented, able to multi-task.

Strong leadership and problem-solving abilities. + Works well independently or as part of team.
‘Outstanding communication skills. *+ Hard working, with pleasant personality.
PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND AND ACCOMPLI
Healthcare Training
‘© Recently completed radiological observation programs at Presbyterian Hospital and Oklahoma City
Clinic in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma,
© Observed x-ray and CAT scan procedures of thoracic, abdomen, pelvic, and upper GI tract regions.
Additionally observed disphagiagrams and barium swallow / enema procedures.
+ Viewed thoracic, abdomen, and pelvic x-ray and CAT scan procedures in clinic setting.
Information Technology
‘Extensive experience providing hardware and software support for individuals and small businesses
Performed PC assembly and repairs, installed and configured hardware and software for clients.
Carried out troubleshooting, installed and upgraded operating systems
Provided telephone and on-site technical support for PCs and associated software and peripherals
‘Conducted end user training in computer and software basics.
As Customer Service Representative with AOL performed telephone support, troubleshooting
connectivity and software issues for service users.
Business Management
‘© Supervised technical support and sales operations for retail computer company, coordinating teams at
five separate locations.
‘+ Performed inventory and shrinkage control, prepared daily and monthly business reports, and managed
ordering / returns process.
+ Established, owned, and operated commercial janitorial services company. Directed financial and
business operations.
* Prepared and delivered proposals to prospective clients, managed scheduling and resources.
Sales and Administration
‘© Conducted sales of computers and associated hardware / software / peripherals in retail environment.
+ Performed inbound telemarketing and sales of telephone services for AT&T contractor.
MENTS
Supported billing, inventory control, and sales efforts for companies in various industries.
Carried out bil
purchasing.
ing, accounting, P&L. management, freight cost determinations, payroll preparation, and

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Floating Manager, Computer Masters, Oklahoma City, OK (2001 — 2007)

‘Computer Technician, Computer Empire, Del City, OK (2001)

Customer Care Representative, Convergys Corp., Moore, OK (2001)

Customer Service Representative, America Online, Oklahoma City, OK (1999 — 2000)
‘Owner, C&M Maintenance, Oklahoma City, OK (1990 - 2000)

EpucaTion
Course work in Zoology, English, and Math, Oklahoma City Community College

PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIO’
‘American Society of Radiologic Technologists (ASRT)

  
COLLEEN YATES

Main Sheet London, UK NWEOGE | (020) HOOKKXK | Ni | exompleemal@axamplecom
RE: Technical Recniter September 16 2014
Dear Mr. Cosey

‘Asc highiy skiled Technical Recruiter | reac your posting for a new Technical Recruiter with
interest. My experience aligns well with the qualifications you ore seeking in particular my role os
{@ Technical Recruiter at SorTech Recruiters and | am certain | would make o valuable adaition
40 your organisation.

With more than 9 year’ experience as a Technical Recruiter | am adept in behavioural
Interviewing applicant tracking systems ana Human Resource Information System. Moreover
while my on-the-job experience hos afforded me a weltroundes sill cet including first-rate
‘organkational and communication skis | excel at:

Soles & Marketing
Client/tting Manager Relations
Negotiations

Database Maintenance

In adaltion to my experience and personal qualities | have a solid educational foundation and a
passion for human resources and recruiting. Please review my attached resume for adaitional
Setails regarding my expertise and obilfies, wil folow up 10 request an appointment fo discuss
how my experience and background meeis your needs.

‘Thank you for your fime ang consideration.
Sincerely

Coleen Yates

 
Experienced HR Analyst Resume Example

Tony Duval

333 Silver Knight Street
Reno, Nevada
Contact No: 222
Personal Profile

As a dedicated, enthusiastic, dependable, and energetic human resource analyst, am eager to
find a new challenging position where I am able to apply my experience and knowledge to the
new level for the betterment of the organization.
Career Skills
+ Efficient Communi Skill: 1am responsible in handling the human resource in every
single department and aim for the best quality of them to be applied in their job. In order
to do that, I should be able to talk with them in effectively to make sure they are capable
of doing the assignment and communicate with them about some problems that might
hinder them to give best of their quality.

* Ability to Create System Functionality: My position requires me to make sure that the
‘module and system are working efficiently by analyzing them closely. If something does
not go too well, Ihave to be able to create some new strategies to make the function
implemented better to the human resource,

* Analytical Ability in Employee Development: 1 am in charge of examining the employee
and their work progress and considering them as appropriate in the position or not since
the recruitment day.
‘Technical Skill

© Application: Ms Office, MATLAB, SQL Server, Mail Management
* Platform: GNU/Linux, Microsoft Windows

Working Experience

© Senior HRD, ABC Corporation
‘© Office Manager, XYZ Tech Corporation

Educational Background

‘+ Master's Degree in Human Resource and Organizational Development, LV University
(1999)
* Bachelor's Degree in Psychology, LV University (1995)
demtdoong som
SEER EEC Senet Saver Leer

From
Steve Orton
2910, Donatella Housing, Hickory Square
Denver, Colorado 62410
United States
312-605-8397
Steve.orton@freemail.com

Date: November 26th, 2011

To
Veronica Martin

Recruitment Manager

Walbridge Industries

28, Sardinia Lane, North Industrial Estate
Denver, Colorado 62410

United States

312-604-2980
Veronicam@walbridge-i.com

Dear Veronica,

I saw your website and found out that your organization requires a Production Engineer for your new
manufacturing facility in Denver. I find It to be a very promising and challenging opportunity that will help me
to grow further as a Product Engineer and also become @ part of a fast paced work environment.

Working in this position far almost thirteen years, I have gathered enough experience and skills to perform the
job duties diligently. I have worked for Axel Auto Parts in the past for six years before joining Applie
Technologies, In every project of my career, I have successfully Implemented the most advanced techniques to
increase production and cut on production costs without compromising an the quality of the final product. I also
hold expertise in product testing and modification.

During my professional journey, T have realized that hard work, punctuality and coordination are the key to
success without which an individual and even an organization cannot succeed, I am always willing to work
beyond normal working schedule to complete project within timeline,

Please refer to my credentials and resume for more information. Do reply if you find me a worthy candidate. 1
hope to get a positive reply and I am also thankful that you have been generous to consider my application,

Sincerely yours,
Steve Orton
(Siotiature)
Top job search materials for
technical service engineer

The below materials are availabe at:
coverletter123.com_

+ Top 7 cover letter samples
+ Top 8 resume samples

* Top 15 ways to search new jobs

+ Free ebook: 75 interview questions and
answers

* Top 12 secrets to win every job
interviews
* Top 8 interview thank you letter
samples
5 EAA A WL A a
October 1. 2010

‘Sue Burns, Hiring Manager
E Widgets

1312 Outskirts Road
Home Town, IL 60615

Dear Ms. Burns,

| have worked in customer service for more than seven years. developing a reputation
for probiom solving. superior customer relations skills and thnwving in a fast paced
environment. Id like to combine my customer service experience and my computer
expertise to work in the exciting field of E-commerce and become part of your team at
E-Widgets.
With an associate degree in Computer Technotogy from Home Town Junior College, as
well as on the job training in IT suppor obtained through my position al the Home Town
Call Center, | have outstanding high tech skilis and the capacity to keep them current in
this ever-changing worl.

At the Home Town Call Center. in the course of five years, | quickly moved up trom
working as a fil-in phone technician for the night shift to managing a staff of 10
operators. My unit consistently met or exceeded its sales quotas and received more
customer commendation notices than any other division.

| would ke to meet with you to tell you more about my experience in customer service
and technology, and discuss how I see them coming together in E-comvrerce, Please
contact me at 615.432. 1234 at your earliest convenience so | may schedule an
appointment with you. My resume is enciosed. Thank you fer your time.
Sincerely yours,

Hope Full
AIDEN SIMPSON

Tae Main Sesh London, URNWEOGE | (020) X00 900K | ME (020) XOX XKK | emaisexompiecom
Dear Mr. Hort

‘The job in Technical Support thet you advertised is exactly what | have been seeking and lam
submitting my resume. [have five yeors of echnical support experience and an Associate's
degree in Information Tecanology.

Untilrecently I worked as a Technical Support representative at Great Barrier Reef until our
positions were outsourced overseas. While working in the position | answered inbound telephone
calls and assisted customers with resolving technical sues they were experiencing with their
computers and modems. Uilsing excellent customer service and technical knowiedge skis |
was able fo successfuly resolve any technology issue. My experience and education present
me as a petson who is exactly what your ad indicated you are looking for. Ihave extensive
knowledge of computer technology and have kept abreast of the frequent changes that occur
in applications and harcware as technology advances. | also regularly meet all goals and have
hac excellent feedback provided by customers on posi-cal surveys. As your newest Technical
Support representative | will bring exceptional telephone skis and strong troubleshooting abilty.|
‘thoroughly enjoy helping people solve technical problems.

Ihave enclosed my resume and eagerly await your cal to schedule an interview for the
Technical Support position.

Sincerely

Aiden SimpsonAmy NorMan, CST

11005 A N Witow Pi ~ Ciaremore, OK 74017
918.906.6160
amydn83@gmalcam
(OsjectvE

‘Seeking a positon in the Surgical Technology Fold that wil ubize my education and training

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

Brown Mackle College, Tulsa, OK
Associate of Applied Science. Surgical Technology
GPA 3.8540

+ Secratary af Surgical Tach Cit)

LICENSURE AND CERTIFICATIONS

Esthetician, Oklatama Board af Cosmataiagy, 2010
Surgial Technalagat, Assocation of Surgeal Tachnolagy, Nabonal Carticalion passed Now, 2014
NSBSTA Ceriicatiant 196000

‘Amasican Hean Associaton BLS (CPR & AED) vale trough Nov, 2015,

(CLINICAL EXPERIENCE/PRACTICUM

‘St. John Medical Center, 8t. Francie, & Hillcrest Claremore ‘August 2014: November 2014
Surgical Tectnoiogy Exters

Orthopedics:
+ Closed Reduction Distal Hip Pinning Laminectomy
Radus Hardwate Remaval IN Rad in Femur
RIF Shoutder Arthroplasty Total Knew Antrapiasty
Isp fendon Repair & Biopsy af “Trager Fimer Release
ATKIBTK Amputation HandiFinger

Gonoral:
+ Hemarmapy Venta! Umbilical Homia Repaz Port-ACath Placement
+ Inguinal Herma Repair Exploratary Lap Pentaneal Catheter
+ Lap Chotocystectomy Hememoidectomy Sontnatiaxitary Nade Biopsy

 
Anna Jones
2379 Ingerson Road « Shoreview, MN 55126 ¢ 651-555-4225 « ajones@domain.com
Profile
Board-certified veterinary technician with over 7 years of field experience and a
life-long love for and commitment to animals. Extensive background in laboratory
procedures, use of diagnostic equipment, and veterinary office management. Strong client
relations skills, and ability to consistently develop positive rapport with animals and their
owners.
Highlights of Qualifications and Experience
Skilled in providing supportive veterinary care to traditional and exotic pets. Expertise in bird
maintenance (clipping wings, cutting nails and filing beaks)

Assist veterinarians during patient exams and procedures; act as surgical assistant during
routine and emergency surgery

Under veterinarians’ direction, maintain resource network and contact labs, veterinary clinics,
hospitals and universities for consultation and referrals.

Perform client teaching and provide post-procedure home care instructions; respond to client
questions by telephone, referring to doctor when appropriate.

Experienced in breaking down and reassembling laboratory equipment for calibration,
cleaning and maintenance. Collaborate with manufacturer representatives to troubleshoot
problems and make repairs whenever possible. Also skilled in disassembling, cleaning and
changing fiuids in radiographic equipment (tank and processor methods).

Schedule veterinary appointments; generate estimates and invoices; process kennel
admissions; feed and exercise animals; clean cages.

Managed all facets of retail store operations including ordering and inventory, merchandising,
bookkeeping/banking and employee supervision.

Skilled in performing and/or assisting with procedures including:

Patient assessment Vaccination set-up and administration
Blood drawing Post-surgical care

Blood, urine and fecal samples analysis Wound care

Instrument sterilization and packing Dental examinations and cleaning
Surgical set-up and assisting Heartworm and other treatments
Anesthetic nursing Patient charting

Monitoring controlled substances Animal restraining

* Experienced in operating the following selected equipment

X-ray Centrifuge
Ultrasound Vet Lite
Ansthen lletin CVC machine

Refractometer Electrolytes

 
Gu Surgical_Technologist

Gulf Coast Duties Acknowledgement Form

lies_and Responsibilities:
A surgical technologist is a healthcare professional whose primary responsibility is to maintain the sterile field, understand
the procedure being performed, anticipate the needs of the surgeon, maintain a current knowledge base, maintain quality
patient care during the operative procedure, and maintain constant vigilance regarding the adherence of aseptic technique
by all members of the surgical team. They handle the instruments, supplies, and equipment necessary before, during, and
after the surgical procedure. In addition to the technical aspects of the profession, the technologist must always be aware
of the patient's condition and needs.
Jn addition to minimum requirements regarding reading, language, and math skills, the student must, unassisted:
1. Demonstrate ability to comprehend and interpret written material. Able to make appropriate judgment decisions.
2. Follow written and oral/verbal instructions. Possess short- and long-term memory sufficient to perform tasks such
‘as, but not limited to, mentally tracking surgical supplies and performing anticipation skills during the operation.
3. Synthesize information from written material and apply the knowledge to various situations.
4. Demonstrate the use of positive coping skills during patient, staff, and faculty interactions.

Psychomotor Qualifications:

1. Vision = normal, corrected. Demonstrate sufficient visual ability enough to load a fine (10-0) suture onto needles
‘and needle holders withwithout corrective lenses and while wearing safety glasses. Demonstrate sufficient
peripheral vision to anticipate and function while in the sterile surgical environment.

2, Hearing ~ normal, corrected, of aid able. Hear and understand muffled communication without visualization of the
‘communicator’s mouthilips and within 20 feet. Hear activation/waming signals on equipment.

3. Smell — Able to detect odors sufficient to maintain environmental safety and patient needs.

4. Touch — normal tactile sensitivity. Manipulate instruments, supplies, and equipment with speed, dexterity, and
‘good eye-hand coordination.

Physical Qualifications:
‘Able to stand, bend, stoop, and/or sit for long periods of time in one location with minimum/no breaks.

‘Able tol a minimum of 20 pounds.

‘Able to refrain from nourishment or restroom breaks for periods up to 6 hours.

‘Ambulate/move around without assistive devices.

‘Able to assist with andlor lit, move, position, and manipulate the patient who is unconscious with or without
assistive devices.

6. Successfully complete a CPR certification course.

Communication Qualifications:
1. The ability to interact and verbally communicate with others. Demonstrate positive interpersonal skills during
patient, staff, and faculty interactions.
2. Demonstrate calm and effective responses, especially in emergency situations.
3. Knowledge of basic written, grammar, and spelling skills.
4. Ability to communicate and understand fluent English both verbally and in writing.

geen-

Ihave read the above and feel that itis within my ability to carry out the duties, responsibilities, and
qualifications of a surgical technologist. 1do__ donot _ (check one) require any special accommodations
to meet the above requirements. In the event that | am selected for the program, | understand that a TB Skin
Test must be completed or CXR done and results submitted; a Medical Examination Report from Personal
Physician (Health Status) and an Immunization Record must be submitted.
SIGNATURE DATE

‘Sign and attach this form to the surgical technologist application and resume’ submitted to the Health Sciences Division.
2. Document Information

‘This chapter contains document-level meta-data, such as the glossary and a list of Word bookmarks
(macros known throughout the document).

2.1 Glossary

‘The terminology used in describing the system components has varied significantly from person to
and confusion, the critical terms are defined hei
Complete path A sequence of nodes and branches starting from a root node and ending with a
leaf node.

MRO Maintenance, repair and operation

Path A sequence of nodes and branches.

Partial path ‘A sequence of nodes and branches starting from a root node and not ending
with a leaf node.

Partial Tree A tree containing one or more partial paths, Note that this implies that a partial
tree contains a root node.

Shopping Any combination of navigation of existing trees, searching of catalog index and
browsing of catalog pages.

Sub-tree One or more paths with a common parent node. Note that this does not imply
that the sub-tree contains a root node — it may or may not.

Tree A directed graph with a root node and one or more branch and/or leaf nodes
2.2, Document History
‘The following table shows the history of the document. The most recent changes are shown at the top.
Dates “Author ~_| Version | Status Comment _
July 31, 2001 Brian Roe 1.0d__| Draft_| Extended Assist processing section
July 29, 2001 Brian Roe 1.0c Draft_| Combined does for patent app
October 2, 2000 Brian Roe 1.0b Drafi_| Major Update
June 23, 2000 Brian Roe 1.0a Draft_ [Initial draft
2.3 Document Maintenance.
This document was created with Microsoft Word 2000. The following bookmarks are utilized in the title
page, header and footer lines and other places:
Bookmark Variable: ‘Value ®
CacheName IntelleCache
SreateDate June 23, 2000
DocAuthor Brian Roe

DocStatus DRAFT.

DocName. Technical Specification
ProductName IntelleCat
MatchName IntelleMatch
VersionNo 1.0d

 
Veterinary Technician Resume Example

Ann Marry
Jo Main Street
‘Columbia, SC 97282
Telephon: (727) 872-42
Emad [D- ann_maerya mail coe
Objective:

Seok 9 postion ax Veternury Tevhenoan to pve hes servaces far pais,

Profiles:

{tam hughly taleexed verermnaey technician with a lr of experiences in managing and organizing all
aebvities and fechnical peocedures rested to animals bsallhcats:
Summary of Qualifications:

Thave experienced in woeking as veterinary techni for mone than seven years. Fhave extensive
knowledge un rules and regutanons of asemal healthcare coatral the comme diseases of anituls, fm
rmunageroent. ark! livestock marketing Lam able to conduct vanous maalcal lcs fr arumals. My
nonlesge in pathological and biological makes me examune disease appwopuintely | aye pore!
foustorncr services skills fo coemmuicake wath customers
Professional Experienc!

Fewnmary Fecinacamn GTY Pet Healthcare Manchester, New Hampshire, 207 — present
Resgmasbiien

+ Perfoem varius medical tests for arsmals ana ensure thatthe treatment ss acconking 19
egubisons of asuual bealtheare

‘Organize events relate to azstmal bealticare

‘Coont mute with ceher techie to perform treatment fv anemia

Pertoemn eva uueion of putental problems ¢elated to health and sactal weldare of animes

Gave best service for swstumers

Gave explanasice of sewmal Bealthcare for customers
inary Technicsan. GY Animal Hepa, Lar Vigas, Nevinks, 2008 2007
spponsiblitie
+ Helped on processing health wnspections
+ Reeseded anenal health histones

+ Prepared regular reports to director of bospatat

“+ Mieiapod anal restate senials chided Iivestock and exotic spectes
+ Perfcemed pathological examinations of annals

Educational Background:

roi.
Assoctnts Degeve of Veteriraty Toe crsty of South Carolina, 2008

 
Kate London

Veterinary Technician

(© NEW YORK, NEW YORK, 10026, UNITED STATES

Profile

Passionate Licensed Veterinary Technician with 5 years of experience working with
cats and dogs in clinic and rescue shelter settings.

Employment History

Veterinary Technician at Jody's Veterinary Clinic, Chicago, IL
December 2014 - December 2017

Jody's Veterinary Clinic is dedicated to providing the highest quality pet care, mainly
focusing on cats and dogs, in a professional and transparent environment. AS a
Veterinary Technician, my daily responsibilities include:
‘+ Conducting initial pet examinations, including interviews with pet owners, reviews
of past care plans, completing laboratory tests, and taking diagnostic imaging
‘+ Taking vita signs, collecting samples, and bandaging wounds
‘= Setting up surgery equipment, assisting with anesthesia, monitoring machines
during operations, and cleaning up the area post-surgery
‘+ Ensuring all in-house animals are fed, watered, and kept in a clean environment
‘+ Maintaining documentation and animal care records
‘+ Suggesting preventative and maintenance health plans to pet owners

Veterinary Technician at Chicago Animal Shelter, Chicago, IL
July 2012 ~ December 2014

‘Chicago Animal Shelter takes in abandoned animals, given them health evaluations,
and then prepares them for adoption. As a Veterinary Technician, my daily
responsibilities included:
‘+ Facilitating the inital intake medical evaluation, including drawing blood, taking
laboratory samples, completing diagnostic imaging, and observing behavior
‘+ Cleaning and grooming animals to check for physical injuries or abnormalities
‘+ Socializing the animals to note behaviors
‘+ Watering, feeding, and ensuring proper cage cleaniiness is maintained
‘+ Assisting the veterinarian with spaying and neutering, in addition to inserting a
‘microchip, prior to adoption
‘+ Preparing the animais for surgery by sterilizing the surgical suite, shaving the
animal's hair, and administering sedatives and anesthetics
‘= Working with administrative staff to identity potential adopting owners
+ Maintaining proper supply inventories, placing orders, and stocking shelves
‘+ Ensuring machinery and instruments are cleaned and working property, calling
‘maintenance teams in when necessary

Education

Associates Degree- Veterinary Sciences (AVMA Accredited), Chicago
University, Chicago, IL
Present

Details

143 Main Ave, New
York, New York, 10026,
United States
890-555-0401
‘exampleG@emall.com

DATE /PLACE OF BIRTH
os/10/1983
New York, New York

NATIONALITY
Usa
NG LICENSE
Ful

B skills

Anesthetics
Grooming
Laboratory
Assessments
Surgical Assistance
et Owner Education
DAVIS APPLIED
TECHNOLOGY COLLEGE

Course Descriptions - Surgical Technology

BTEC 1110 Computer Literacy 90 hours
“This course provides a fundamental understanding of computing Including knowledge and uve of
‘computer hardware, software, and operating systems. The course will cover basic use and common
{features of applications (word processing, spreadsheet, and database) including internet use and e-m:
Recommended prerequisite: keyboording 25 wpm.

‘Objectives:

Identify computing fundamentals such as computer hardware, software, and operating systems
Learn to navigate the windows environment
Gain knowledge of primary applications such as common program, word processing,
spreadsheet, and database functions

‘= Learn to use online computing including Internet and electronic mail

BTEC 1510 Business English 90 hours
Focuses on Business English essentials, including sentence structure, grammar, punctuation, and
proofreading.

‘Objectives:
‘© Practice correct word usage

‘© Utilize correct grammar rules
‘© Use correct punctuation

[MATH 1000 Math | 0 hours
“This course offers an Introduction to basic mathematics using mathematical concepts that Gan be
applied to everyday life. Topics include fractions, decimal, ratios, proportions, conversions, averages
and percentages. Prerequisites: Pass Entrance Level Math Exam or Refresher Math.

Objectives:

Define and recognize prime numbers, composite numbers and factors.
Find the prime factorization of two or more composite numbers.

Find the least common multiple and greatest common factor of two or more numbers.
‘Add, subtract, multiply and divide fractions with like and unlike denominators by hand.
Convert between fractions, decimals and percents.

Solve application problems involving fractions and decimals,

Define and calculate the mean, median, mode and range of a set of numbers.

‘Apply averages to word problems.

Set up and simplify given ratios in three different forms.

 
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

Adele Miller
751 Bernhard Dale, New York, NY # Phone: +1 (555) 168 6258

OB TECHNICIAN FHH
Phoenix, AZ
09/2015 — present
‘© Surgical Responsibilities
‘+ Assisting provider with instrumentation, retracting, ete
‘+ Provide a safe environment for patients and co-workers
‘© Assist with maintaining environment, emptying trash in patient rooms and nurses station, emptying linen
in patient rooms/nursery once 1/2 full
+ Assists surgical team during surgery by passing instruments, sponges, and dressings
+ Assists with direct patient care as directed
‘Assists with preparing, transporting, positioning and draping patients

OB TECHNICIAN PRN
New York, NY
11/2012 — 05/2015
‘* Provides clerical support and performs patient care duties as directed by the nurse
‘* Assists the surgical team in surgical procedures which may include passing instruments, sponges and
sutures
Care is provided in a family centered environment
Assists in the monitoring of the patient through the procedure
Maintains work area
Provides comfort and support for pre-operative patients
These duties may include, newborn baths, vital signs,and transporting discharged patients off unit
OB TECHNICIAN

Chicago, IL
07/2008 - 07/2012

‘+ Performs miscellaneous job duties as assigned

+ Evaluates, maintains, prepares replenishes equipment, instruments, and supplies for efficient utilization
for all areas of Family Birthplace (inpatient and outpatient services)

‘© Works with surgeon, anesthesiologist, and registered nurses to formulate plan for assigned surgical
procedure

+ Assist with patient care: ie., toileting, pericare, linen changes and oral care

‘© Successful completion of an in-house Surgical Scrub Assistant Program

‘* Update knowledge of surgical procedures and sterilization processes by continually seeking staff
assistance and instruction with unfamiliar equipment and instrumentation

‘* Once competence obtained may assist with bathing and feed of newborns

NORTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY
Associate’s Degree in Allied Health

Basic knowledge in Windows computer system
Ability to learn and evaluate new equipment and procedures quickly

Ability to perform basic arithmetic computations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division)
Knowledge of basic nursing and medical terminology

Ability to use of addressograph, charts, phones, patient call system, computer systems, and fax machines
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills

Able to function effectively under emergency/intense obstetrics conditions

Knowledge of anatomy and physiology, medical terminology

Able to operate selected hospital equipment

Ability to scrub and maintain aseptic technique
"Imagine Possibilities”

El Centro College
a Surgical Technologist

ng ton
‘The Surgical Technologist program prepares the student to provide patient care in the operating room suite under the
supervision of the director or surgical services. The surgical technologist, as part of the operating team, aids in
providing safety, sterility, cleanliness, and efficiency necessary for patient care in the surgical setting. The surgical
technologist organizes sterile instruments, supplies, and equipment for use at the operating room table and assists in
the use of these materials during surgical procedures,
‘The program is a 15-month, 50 credit-hour curriculum leading to a certificate upon completion and is accredited by
the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (CAAHEP) in cooperation with the
‘Accreditation Review Committee on Education in Surgical Technology. Graduates from this accredited program ate
cligible to take the certification examination sanctioned by the Association of Surgical Technologists and
administered by the National Board of Surgical Technology and Surgical Assisting (NBSTSA),

Acceptance to the Surgical Technologist program is via a competitive selection process for selection based
primarily on grade point average on prerequisite courses and subsequent tie breakers.

‘This information packet contains specific application guidelines and requirements. By submitting an
application packet, an individual verifies that they have 1) read the packet thoroughly, 2) obtained all
necessary documents from designated website addresses, and 3) understands the policies and procedures for
application and acceptance to the program.
EQUAL EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITY
[Edacational opportunites are offered bythe Dallas County Community College District
without in religion, x, disability or sexual rintation,
to race, color, age, national
APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS TO THE SURGICAL TECHNOLOGIST PROGRAM
Application to the Surgical Technologist program requires the following steps:
> Application and current admission to a Dallas County Community College District (DCCCD) college.
> Attendance at a Surgical Technologist program information session,
> Achievement of minimum score on mathematics assessment testing.

> Completion of the five program prerequisite courses with a minimum cumulative grade point average of
2.5 or higher on those specific courses and a cumulative 2.5 GPA on all coursework.

> Submission of a complete application packet to the Health Occupations Admissions Office during a
designated filing period.

A. General Admission Requirements to the College
Applicants to the Surgical Technologist program must meet college admission requirements in the Dallas
County Community College District as outlined in the official college catalog at
hip://www ElCentroCollege.edu. Applicants must have earned either a high school diploma or General
Education Diploma (GED) certificate in addition to complying with Texas Success Initiative (TSI)
requirements. Students should consult the college counseling office to determine their TSI status prior to
pplication to a Health Occupations program.
~ Revised 09/01/09 -
JESSE KENDALL,
123 Fm Stool ¢ Mini HL 33185 ¢ C: 305.555.5555 ¢ jer notion

JUNIOR ARCHITECT: Esvsptiots professor ual sie contribor to nerous projet tes in all pjet devetopmen
pihses fro isl programing to omtrution document, Ofeing diverse perspectives snd innovative solutions. Progressive
shige combining creativity and the ability 10 express ideas through a wide range of media. Innovative eeaior of breakthrough
‘sins akependenily and collaboration with associa,
PROFESIONAL EAPEIWENCE
ABC ARCHITECTURE | MuioH, 2texx — 20%
Jusion ARcuirect

‘Led and suppor design, project development, and exceation for eonpany"s stelle olice, Overs college inems while reporting
lo Project Manager svi Hn tt raked rong top thre awtionwede and won awards for its afer ierior design and
Planning services. Cellaborued with designers, coniictors, design acitets, ad eens to eteatealiractive and innovative desians
Dalla! and developod wonstrstion documents. Discovers? mutrial sclevtons, Created artistic elm sketches and color
tchievine preealtions aan renderings, Produced fife safely dvings. Answers! RFs aud sti ASTs axl PCs, Prepared
preset documens for LHL stuies al BOM tabulations, Developed snd tined nem i AoC AD.

12 Conte to producing docucs for 30 Mian Avert prot by pertorming the following fneions:tamsormning
‘omplieted sketches into working dv ings hy coorinaling Various eonsuliants,conierence eis, und vousnmieat,
resolving several problems tht siracel during ineprtion of existing baling: an serving ws CAD Manager veraccing
Setup of driving ud sharing them wth constants. Cllaborue wih Europeu enon his LODO 9g, office hui,

12 Host profits hy ereting addon services, lupo proclivity hy applying problem-solving ability 9 weakrprooing
sono ists,

12 Rendered desi presentations in Photoshop. fade! study nodes, covered des to cousin cocina lp
‘Sevelop erie boards for major restau couple,

f8 Increased oraunizaton by developing spreudsbeet to rack proposed changes, supplemental nsiructons rom Architects,
dings exes, RE, aid ak-o serve hs

BED ARCHIE RI INTERIORS] Miagu, F Dlx — tes
{JUNIOR ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNER

Collaborate wih projet arcitvt,trastral engineers, and LEED constants for high-ech compute ah, oc, suisory mixed
use eal car, university, and esdental projets: involved inal phases of projets

‘© Trarsformed fanstional and spatial requirements ito feasible desi solutions incorporating urban design, aster planning
cxginsering sys, und sistuinable desin principles fr achievement of LEED eeitetins

12 Developed design presclaions with large-scale physical mee, rectund sketching, and 20.30 dings, ineling
«xtrior interior renderings lan levationSetion drawings. and wall setin details by using AMOCAD. Sds Max,
Photoshop, Hlustater, and inDespn
Epucatioy & TrcHyicar SKILLS.
[Master of Architestare + XYZ Livers. Mimi, FL» 208%
GPA $924.00 [XYZ Geadite Fellowship °S30.200 Awarded

acholor of Architectare + XYZ Ste Universo, Mian FL» 2088
GD. 387 4.0, Class Rank $148 » Magia Can Late | Acadsiie Exellense Department Reeoptin
‘Fourth year architectural design sto exchange suc
{XYZ Memorial Scholarship + S700 Award

RELEVANT COURSES: Architecture Design and Reseach Suan, Ashitconie Prive. Fnviuental Control System Stra
Analysis, Ateitesture History| Teaching Assistant [iso of Architecture atl Enron Systems for Lighting aad Acosties

“TeeMMICAL SKILLS: ForanZ, Autos 3s M3D Studio VIZ, Attodesk Maya hin, AutoCAD (2D 3). Adee Creative Suite
Design, Photoshop, Mastator Fash, Astoba, STidWorks, ava, Microwll Oflce Suite (Fel, Wom, PaserPainy
Bample 2h Susiness Analyst Cover Letter

‘Your Contact information
‘Samuel Matheney

4860 Emerson Road

‘Shreveport, LA71101

Mobile: 315-789-2487

E-mal id: m.samuel@exampie.com

Employer Contact Information
is. Terry vaiere

IT Business Solutions ine.

$88 ashmor Drive

Wadena, MNSE482
Date: December 22, 2011
Dear Ms, Valier,

Re: TT Businass Analyst Postion

| am writing in resaonse ta the advertisement that came out in yesterday's newspaper that stated, that you are

joking for someane inthe position af IT Business Analyst, | am eager to apply for this rola, because ths wel Ne
the ideal step in my career, and I think tha wil prove to be the best candidate for this poston.
Currently, Lam working with Sungaro as a Senior IT Business Analyst, However, now L am looking forward to
move in a bigger organization for making full use of all my shila, when T have acquired from my werk
experience anc from my degree In IT and hanors in Finance,

performing a range of tasks regulary has led me to cevelop extensive experience inthe field of business
anaiyss in botn mortgage and Superannuation products with the help of fund accounting system. Aso, I nave
experiance In working with Porfaio systems in sectors that are involved in business analysis.

My responsibilities included generating funcional requirements and specications analysis. For instance, last
year Implemented and planned # program for one ofthe retail firms where {nelpad them by giving them
lechnieal recommendations, My shlls also include excetent ality n project management ang strong
knowledge about all the financial ana technical accounting

My remarkable tecnnical and IT skis, which T have gained while I was completing my education has taught me
how to take development decisions. ! am an excellent team player wha loves to work and knows how fo
support peers while managing work and prionties at the same time, My excellent communication skis nave
been achieved through regular communication of techeal data and aecading this information to my
sakeholders and clienes.

Abave at this, am a highly cornmitted professional with all the atributes and skis that this ob demands, ana
2 strong determination far achieving an excelent outcorne. I would like to have the opportunity of speaking
with you in an interview, which you can decide at your time and convenience.
Samuel Matheney
Your Signature
Henry Yu

inne Misr
Coord ade sxc jet Tst
+ Semdos Sumner Assvite t Facebook. wee anspor fra nga dc lop KP
shed obo featured speaker tA Tech ae Abate Simi “es “
Jo oud ts chou pov the esr so For hs postion ok ose oth oppor
ewan eet Gel nach 08
orsour
Cover letter sample for
technical consultant

Mr Richard Jackson
HR manager

XYZ Group

87 Delaware Road
Hatfield, CA 08065,
Dear Mr. Jackson,

was known by a fend of mine, Mr Keith Hanson, that you are recruiting for a postion of technical consultant at
XVZ group. for which Iwould like it very much wo apply. Lam well expetienced with ABC product portfolio and
very excited to have a change to work and contribute my knowledge to your company. [have contacted Mr. Keith
Hanson directly for this position and afer consulting his opinion, 'am Confident that my skills and qualification
Mikicpoe taae " *

Ihave a deep understanding of and experience in working with similar products as well asa broad knowledge about
management issues. Iwas formerly a Junior technical consultant in AAA Company in which I gave an exceptional
contribution to the company's success and 30% increase of revenue in my first year of service. 1 worked for AAA
for 3 years during which I was in charge of 300 employees and successfully reached many profit objectives.

Lam confident that I am an ideal candidate for this position and I would appreciate it very much if you may offer
me a chance of an interview where I could further demonstrate my skills to XYZ group.

Sincerely,
Peter Ho
Enc. Resume

5 EAA A WL A a
technical coordinator cover letter

In this file, you can ref cover letter materials for technical coordinator position such
as technical coordinator cover letter samples, cover letter tips, technical coordinator
interview questions, technical coordinator resumes... .

If you need more cover letter materials for technical coordinator as following, please
visit: coverletter123.com
+ Top 7 cover letter samples
+ Top 8 resumes samples
+ Free ebook: 75 interview questions and answers
* Top 12 secrets to win every job interviews
+ Top 15 ways to search new jobs
* Top 8 interview thank you letter samples

SaaS NGA NA ANA Nae a.
NAME Email Id: venkat.reddy @livetech.co.in
Mobile : +91 ~ 9440786013
Career Objective:

Looking for Software Functional Testing Engineer position in a well-known
organization which gives me an opportunity to exhibit my technical skills and giving
scope for career and financial growth.

Summary:

* B.Tech from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad passed in
2011 with 70%.

© Undergone 4 months training on Testing Tools - Real time Project from LiveTech,
Hyderabad.
As part of Training, | underwent intensive Training on Manual and Automation Testing
as detailed below:

Manual Testing

"Understanding Software Requirement Specification and identifying the required
Test Scenarios.

"= Well versed with SDLC, STLC and Defect Life Cycle.

"Professional Software Experience in which includes Effective identify Test
Scenarios, Test Case Designing and Test Case Preparing.

= Extensive exposure in Black Box Testing using BVA and ECP.

"Experience in executing Test Cases to test the application functionality against
the requirements manually.

"Experience in testing the Functionality, Compatibility, Database and Regression
testing.

"= Defect Reporting and Tracking using Automation Tools Bugzilla 3.3, Track+ 3.7
and HP QC 10.0.

Functional Test Automation using HP QTP 11.0
"Good Knowledge on automation tool HP QTP 10.0.
"VB Script and Descriptive programming.

"Data Driven Testing.
# Implementing of Frameworks.

‘Test Management using HP QC 10.0
"Designing Test Cases in Test Plan.
"Execution of Test Cases in Test Lab.
John Doe
123 Main Street # Anytown, USA 12345 = (877) 875-7706 = info@greatresumesfast.com
Date:

(Contact Name)
(Contact Job Title)
(Company Name)
(Company Address)
(City, State, ZIP)

Dear Mr./Mrs/Ms, (Last Name):

As a performance-driven sales professional with many years’ experience meeting aggressive revenue goals in
competitive technical markets, I seek to align my expertise with (company name) as a pharmaceutical sales
professional. 1am confident that I can offer the same value to your customers that I have delivered
consistently to my knowledgeable customer base.

* Lam the #1 revenue generator in the Orlando area for high-end, large dollar value mechanical
equipment rentals with Ring Power. I have created a set of targeted and differentiating marketing
techniques that distinguish Ring Power among other distributors similar equipment, making my
mobile phone the point of first contact for key buyers, because they know that I provide the best
customer service and product knowledge in my territory.

‘+ Within my first year as general manager of a Tulsa, OK, Ramada Inn, | increased sales and overall
value 30%. In fact, | managed the team that tured around this formerly foreclosed hotel into a
profitable, market-sawwy property that exceeed industry standards for revenue and customized
corporate hospitality packages.

+ Asa store manager for two T-Mobile locations, | developed personalized marketing and sales
strategies that increased store volumes by 33% within my first 60 days.

My success in product sales is wide and varied and depends on my ability to assess new technology and
assimilate its unique contribution to its industry. [use this critical understanding of product availability versus
customer need to deliver successful and profitable solutions upon which they can rely. Given my sales
accomplishments and ability to absorb new technology quickly, I would like to schedule a time to speak with
you about the value I can add to (company name) as a pharmaceutical sales representative. I can be reached
in confidence at the above telephone number or email address. [look forward to hearing from you.

With best regards,

John Doe

 
MADOLYN BATES

123 Main Sweet, London, UX RWEOGE | [020] )000 000% | Mi [020] NOOK ONE | emaiwaxample Sore

Dear Ms. Osoome

‘As a surgical technologist with vast experience in the surgicalroom | believe | am the pert

match for the current opening with your organisation. Feel free fo review my resume at your

convenience and get a good idea of my technical and practical ill. |have enjoyed my six

‘years working with respected surgeons mecical feams anc helping patient with ther healtn
re needs,

{An effective surgical technologist has to be even tempered detail oriented and compassionate,
‘The operating room can be an intense envionment ond the surgical ast plays a big
role in the coordination of tne team ensuring working conditions and varying personalities work
together ceamienly. These are Waits |have demonstrated fime and again in the operating room
offen being requested by name by surgeons and heac nurses. My post- and pre-<urgical care
involves tracking surgical materials as well as the appropriate handling and labelling of lab
specimens. lam aso fivent in all the systems and equioment specific fo the feel

As I befeve my resume cannot fully express my enthusiasm about joining your medical team as a
surgical technologist | would oppreciate the opportunity to come in foran intervie
forward to hearing from you.

Best Regards

Madelyn Bates

 
EES REV WECM ES UE MINCECIE LY Pee Ul UUM allt VEVelapeS
Exceptional ability to learn menus

Proficient with the operation of standard kitchen equipment

Skilled in operating cash registers and handling payments

Ability to work in fast-paced and stressful environments

Ability to carry large and heavy trays without help

Ability to consistently provide excellent customer service

Ability to prepare checks and handle customer payments in many forms

)fessional Experience:

\d Server
terway Casinos, Tranquil, OK

Cleaned and stocked tables after use,

Greeted and seated diners in a courteous manner.

Took food orders and delivered them to the kitchen.

Addressed customer complaints promptly and professionally.
Followed clean-as-you-go procedures as established by management.
Identified and reported unsafe working conditions to the manager.
Cleared empty dishes from tables and refilled drinks promptly.

\d Server
ky Chance Casino Spa, Tranquil, OK

Operated POS system to report customer orders and print checks.
peepee Rea customer questions regarding items on the menu.
lance eran ‘omer orders and special requests to the kitchen.

August 2009 - Prese

May 2006 - July 200

Checked on customers during dining for any additional concerns or requirements.
Nicholas Olson
1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell: (555) 322-7337 - example-email@example.com

Dear Mr. Hardy,

As a highly skilled and resourceful Agricultural Field Technician, | read your posting for anew
Agricultural Field Technician with interest. My experience aligns well with the qualifications you are
seeking at Quist Agricultural Engineering, in particular my role as Agricultural Field Technician at
‘AgPro, and | am certain | would make a valuable addition to your organization.

‘With more than 11 years’ experience as an Agricultural Field Technician, | am adept in testing,
calibration, and maintenance of agricultural field equipment. Moreover, while my on-the-job
experience has afforded me a well-rounded skill set, including first-rate project and time management
abilities, | excel at:

Setting up and maintaining testing equipment at remote field locations
Calibrating instrumentation, controls, and equipment.

Work with engineers to plan and develop improved testing protocols.
Assisting product development team by collecting real-world data

In addition to my experience and personal qualities, | have a solid educational foundation and a
passion for product development. | am extremely enthusiastic about Quist Agricultural Engineering's
focus on meeting customer needs and would welcome the opportunity to contribute to the ongoing
improvements, optimizations, and updates to your exceptional agricultural equipment product line

Please review my attached resume for additional details regarding my expertise and career
achievements. | will follow up to request an appointment to discuss how my experience and
background meets your needs.

‘Thank you for your time and consideration,
Sincerely,

Nicholas Olson

Pharmacy Technician Resume Example

Hans Baucker
287 Rhode Island Avenue
Brookline, MA 82892
Telephone: (727) 882-8282
Email 1D: hans_baucker@ mail‘com
Objective:

Obtain a position as Pharmacy Technician to give best services for the customers,
Summary of Skills and Experience:

T have experienced in working in pharmacy field, I have extensive knowledge in pharmacy operations,
medications procedure, medication preparation and pharmacy management. My knowledge in
pharmaceutical allows me to provide in-depth information for the customers. Lam able to provide
customers properly. My excellent communications skills allow me communicate politely with
customers. I have good customer service, math and computer skills, I possess technical skills to excel
in fast-paced environment

Working Experiences:

Pharmacy Technician. General Hospital of Texas, Boston, Texas, 2009 - present
Responsibilities

+ Perform administrative tasks

+ Perform entry data of prescription by computer

+ Manage drug database and records

+ Make good cooperation with other stafts

‘+ Ensure that medicine taken by patients is appropriate with prescription

‘+ Assist senior pharmacist to manage pharmacy

+ Give best service for patients

+ Perform cash register operation
Pharmacy Technician, HGY Hospital, Miami, Florida, 2004 ~ 2009
Responsibilities

+ Performed data entry of prescriptions order and made payments

+ Performed medications preparation based in standard quality and guidelines of pharmacy
+ Helped senior pharmacist to manage prescriptions

+ Stored and maintain records of patients

+ Received and noted prescriptions

+ Provided customer service

+ Performed administrative tasks

Junior Pharmacy Technician, HOOM Mom and Kids Hospital, Denver. Colorado, 2002 - 2004
David Romeu

Alpharetta, GA (greater Atlanta) - @ 404.435.0700
E\ davidromeu2010@gmail.com - http://www.linkedin.com/in/davidromeu
NATIONAL AWARD WINNING REGION SALES DIRECTOR
MEDICAL - SURGICAL DEVICES / BIOTECH - PHARMACEUTICALS
B ringing Fortune 500 industry leadership and business development insight to your organization. Consistently eclipsing
sales goals and still rising in career. Proven outstanding RO! as sales development leader and team builder. Forte in
finding and mentoring tomorrow's leaders today. Due to marketing background, able to marry marketing strategy with sales
tactics. Business development expertise includes: ophthalmology, neurology, dermatology, orthopedics, cardiology, electronic
medical records, and health services. Numerous healthcare and medical-industry references.

Achievements & Endorsements Include:
~ Led (2) sales districts from “worst-to-first’” in record time (MERCK & COMPANY)
= Raised district performance ranking from 30" to 15" in 7 months (MERCK & COMPANY)
= Expanded a startup company’s sales 46% in 24 months (NOVARTIS OPHTHALMICS)

= “.. his track record for developing the highest number of Distinguished Performance Award Recipients in our sales
organization.” - C. Daniel Myers, former President (NOVARTIS OPHTHALMICS)

= “David inspired his reps to excellent performance and helped regain many key customer relationships while developing the #1
performing sales region during his tenure.” - Tom Bingham, former Eastern Regional Director (JOHNSON & JOHNSON)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MERCK & COMPANY, INC., Atlanta, GA 2001 - 2009
Regional Business Manager — Ophthalmology, Neurology, & Dermatology
= Promoted to this role after tuming around a 7-state $60M sales region.
= Ranked #1 out of 6 districts for sales performance — 3 consecutive years.
=  Overcame numerous challenges to rapidly turn around weak sales operations and performance.

= — Received honors, including (2) Top Masters’ Club Performance Awards, and awards for excellence for: Developing a
National Mentoring Program, District and National Meeting Leadership Excellence, Conducting Executive Manager
Training, and National Key Account Management.

TLC LASER EYE CENTERS OF NORTH AMERICA, Atlanta, GA 1998 — 2001

Vice President, Sales (2000 — 2001)
Showcased expertise in leadership, having a vision — achieving that vision with an entrepreneurial mindset.

= Gained great lessons in the value of a well-thought through business plan, and how to overcome the challenges of
establishing a startup company amidst fierce competition.

= Helped design and build e-Commerce sales operations for North America.

= Presented business concept to F500 executives; these companies included: Alcon, Ciba Vision, Compaq (now HP), Henry
Schein, Office Depot, Topcon. Closed 71% of these presentations.

Director, National Account Marketing (1999 — 2000)
Established contracts worth $12M in annual sales income.

= Enjoyed great success in this interim role; hired on the precondition of starting up company in a marketing capacity, then
shifting to a sales-leadership role.

= Provided key support to the launch of Eyevantage.com — a startup niche market element of TLC.
=  Overcame numerous challenges to rapidly build market presence during this era of the dot com collapse.
= Created a highly successful internet marketing campaign with catalog and distribution to 12,000 doctors nationally.

NOVARTIS OPHTHALMICS, Atlanta, GA 1991 - 1998

Director, HealthSystems (1997 — 1998)
= — Developed and launched strategic alliance business plan to market enterprise-wide medical management software to
ophthalmologists and optometric practices.
= Exceeded first year goal by 30%. Implemented staffing, sales, and marketing plans ahead of schedule and under budget.
= Positioned Ciba/Carelinc for national launch from a successfully executed beta site network market test.
www.zamislisrbiju.org
SARAH SMITH

Permanent Address sss4@virginia.edu Current Address
123 Elm Avenue (555) 555-1234 4567 Maple Avenue
Roanoke, Virginia 24002 Charlottesville, Virginia 22903
EDUCATION

University of Virginia, Charlottesville, Virginia
Bachelor of Arts, Political Science, Minor in Biology GPA 3.65 Expected May 2017

Relevant courses: Cell Biology, Biochemistry, Microbiology
CLINICAL EXPERIENCE

University of Virginia Hospital, Charlottesville, Virginia

Volunteer, Renal Dialysis Center September 2015-Present
e Provide comfort and support for patients receiving renal dialysis
e Engage in conversation with patients
e Work with medical staff to keep pod units fully stocked and running smoothly

Madison House, Charlottesville, Virginia

Volunteer, Adopt-a-Grandparent Program September 2013-May 2015
e Developed relationship with senior citizen through conversations once a week
e Participated in various activities at nursing home facility including exercise classes and game nights

RESEARCH EXPERIENCE

University of Virginia, Charlottesville, Virginia

Research Assistant, Department of Biology May 2015-August 2015
e Created single amino acid mutations in an enzyme involved in sulfur metabolism, sulfite reductase
e Cleaned and organized lab equipment
e Ordered and maintained office and lab supplies

Research Assistant, Cellular, Molecular and Developmental Biology May 2014-August 2014
e Studied cell responses to a mutant yeast protein in a protein trafficking laboratory
e Performed site-directed mutagenesis through PCR to create specific mutants and transformed them into yeast

e Observed protein stability and ubiquitination by immunoblotting and localization by immunofluorescence

SHADOWING EXPERIENCE

Lakeview Clinic, Roanoke, Virginia

Shadowing December 2014-January 2015
e Shadowed Dr. Susan Johnson a general practitioner for 60 hours
e Viewed Dr. Johnson’s interactions with patients, during examination, and throughout explanations of diagnosis
e Gained a greater understanding of the strong communication skills needed to be a physician

University of Virginia Hospital, Charlottesville, Virginia

Shadowing October 2014
e Shadowed various Emergency Room doctors during two eight hour shifts
e Observed the unpredictability and variety of cases seen in an emergency room setting
e Gained a better understanding of the flexibility, and quick thinking needed to work as a physician in this environment

PUBLICATIONS

Damon GQ, Johnson HC, Smith S. Methods of endocytosis. Annu Rev Biochem 2014, 78:843-916.
PrOnT
Neil Simmons
627, Soldier Street
Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA
(612) 625 1772
Cell no, (723) 726 1711
neiisimmons@chainmail.com

To
Harvey Connors

Human Resources

RNR Electronics

73, Skyline Heights
Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA

Dear Mr, Connors,

[ have been working as a technical support representative in HTLR Electronics for the past two years and
handled all the technology related queries from the customers. I read in the Minnesota Daily that RNR
Electronics company was hiring staff for technical support for your costumers, I am interested |n working for a
company like yours.

Since I have prior experience in the same field you will not require to give me any special training, You will only
have to train me regarding the specification of your products. I am good at using computers, I always speak
politely on the phane and speak quite clearly, This way, the customers can understand me really well.

In addition to English, I also speak Spanish and Italian quite fluently. I am quite a tech savvy person and
therefore, I have no problems solving customer queries. 1 am patient with all the customers and in these two
years I have not had any problems with any of the calls I have attended. The feedback from the customers has
2iso been goad for me,

| would really like to work for a good company such as yours as I know I will have ample opportunities to move
ahead and gain good experience. Therefore, at least grant me an opportunity to attend an interview. Call me or
che contact numbers which are given above and in the resume as well, Thank you.

Sincere regards,
Neil Simmons

Enclosure:

1, Photocopy of resume
Nancy Jones
123 Maple Drive Phone: (345) 555-3456
Morganville, PA 18435 E-mail: njones@aol.com
Education Luzerne County Community College

Awards
(Certifications)

Relevant Courses

Work Experience
2008-Present

2005-2007

Volunteer
Experience

Professional
Memberships

References

Nanticoke, Pennsylvania
= Associate in Applied Science in Surgical Technology, 2006

Dean’s List, 2007-08

= Surgical Procedures « First Aid & CPR
= Sterilization Procedures =» Advanced Microbiology

General Hospital, Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania
Clinical

. Assist Surgeon during routine procedures
. Set up operating room, sterilize equipment
. Transport patients to operating room

McBurger Restaurant, Hazelton, Pennsylvania

Prep Cook

. Handled cash register

. Prepared food

s Trained new employees

Red Cross Blood Drive, 2008
United Way Campaign, 2007

Association of Surgical Technologists
Service Leaders of America, Wilkes-Barre Chapter

Available upon request
DIANA HANSON

12 Wesley Street, Brentwood, NY 11717 ¢ (631) 255-7711 © programmer@inet.net
Currently at the threshold of my career with an expected degree in Computer Science, I have
been researching companies of interest that I feel would be a good fit for my professional interests. After
learning about Zenith-Acronautics’ newest technology breakthroughs for commercial and military
aircrafts, I am very interested in joining your organization as a software programmer.

I realize you will need to know a bit more about me in order to consider me as suitable
candidate; for this reason, I have enclosed my résumé for your review as the first step in the application
process. I trust you will find my early experience to be a strong indicator of what I would contribute as a
skilled, hardworking member of your innovative Software Development team.

In my current position as an Intern Computer Programmer / Help Desk Associate with Sky-Force
Technologies, a leading provider of advanced aerospace systems and components, I am greatly enjoying
the challenges my dual role has to offer. In this unique position, I work collaboratively with a talented
team of IT professionals in the development of beta software for the aerospace industry.

As a help desk associate, I have learned a lot about hardware and software requirements at all
levels of the organization. My technical acumen and ability to diffuse the tensions of stressed end users
has contributed to effective communication, problem analysis, and technical resolutions from common,
to complex in nature. Combined, I am confident I would be an asset to Zenith-Aeronautics.
‘Thank you in advance for your time and consideration. I hope to speak with you soon,

Sincerely,

Diana Hanson

Courtesy of Best Resumes
Jeffrey S. Foster

lofffnsT Sdevahoo.com © 768-778-2280 + bups sw Linkedin com pubvet ey fingsr 46598 p12
IT TECHNICIAN
IT skilled professional with recent training, seeking a position with an organization that desires a result
driven, team player with effective communication skill, tat will ensure systems operate smocth
efficiently. Analytical-minded problem solver, who is both mechanically and systematically-inclined,

Extensive experience troubleshooting and resolving technical issue's with an aptitude for customer servi:
KEY SKIL!
+ Network mpTia At Microsoft Office 2010
+ TCPAP +MS Server 2008 + Microsoft Visual Basic
+ HTMLIXHTML C + WAN Management + Java ser
+ Windows XP, 7, 8 =SQL. = Data Migration
WORK EXPERIENCE

Brooksource = Deshtop Support 032014-Present

# Windows 7 system migration,

* Installation of Lenovo T430 and T440 laptops; M73, M78, and MS3 Pro Desktop models:
Ne

Installation and support of system software
jes Power desktop system.

© Altiris Software Management, installation of Mictosoft Office 2007 and 2010, Microsoft Lyne, Oracle
Business Intelligence (BI), Mobile Amor laptop secutity

+ Printer set up, driver installation and suppor.

* Hardware (hard drive repair. optical drive installation, waranty repair), and software troubleshooting
and support,

# Receiving and prepping hardware for huildimage. Product inventory.

Data tansfer/migration during hardware and software upgrade. Backup of information to central server

and upgrade scheduling.
= Customer servi
Dell Ascension iupport Technician 99/201 3-03,2014

+ Dell/Ascension deployment project for St. Vincent Health Network and The Care Group,
* Deployment and installation of Dell Optiplex 7010 Desktop and Dell Latitude E5430 Laptop Systems,

Installation of Inuvio i4d Scanners and Dymo Label Writer 450 Turbo.
* Proficiency in supporting MS Windows XP. Ultimate, 7, MS Office; Excel, Outlook.

* Provide
hardware, software installation, OS, and related hardware issues.
chinical suppor and troubleshooting assistance to personnel PCs. printer. and e-mail setupOBJECTIVE

Darrellann M. Stacy
1828 Kinney Rd. Memphis, MI 48041
(810) 305-0560 dmstacy92@gmailcom

© Recent graduate with an ARRT license seckinga position as a radiologic technologist. Experience
with general X-ray, fluoroscopic, operating room, and pain management procedures, CPR certified.
* Committed to producing quality radiographic images while providing superior patient care.
ICATIONS & EDUCATION
* 06/2014 American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT)
LD, Number 526476
* 06/2014 American Heat Association (BLS)
CPR Certified
* 06/2014 Associate in Applied Arts & Science Degree in Radiologic Technology

Saint Clair County Community College Radiologic Technology Program
Program Accreditation: JRCERT

Academic Honors: Cum Laude
GPA: 3.38
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE & TRAINING

© Clinical:

* Procedures:

© Equipment:

* Computer
Programs:

* Additional
Training:
SKILLS
* Adaptable:

+ Responsible:
1700+ Hours of clinical training in multiple areas, including: Emergency Room,
Outpatient, Inpatient, Operating Room, Pain Management, and Orthopedic &
Physician Offices.
Fluoroscopic Imaging: GI & OR. Operating room procedures included: Orthopedic,
Line Placement, Urinary, and Pain Management,

Stationary: General Electric (GE), Schimadsu, Phillips, Toshiba, and Fuji
Portable: General Electric (GE) C-Arm & Portable X-ray and Schimadsu Digital
Portable X-ray.
PACS Systems: Synapse and Cerner.

System Softwares: Fuji, Carestream (Kodak), Agta, and Toshiba.
EMR Systems: MediTech and Epic.

Office Systems: Microsoft Office and Apple iWork.
Specialized Imaging Modalities: Introductive training covered the use and
concepts of equipment operations of computed tomography, mammography,
and magnetic resonance imaging, and their integration for medical diagnosis,

Can adapt quickly to a diverse and changing environment working independently or
as part of a team while exercising strong problem solving and critical thinking skills,
Can exercise an understanding of the importance of confidentiality, personal
responsibility, and reliability while working in a professional environment centered
on patient care and safety.

* Professional: Can demonstrate an ethical employment of professional judgment while following

instructions and communicating well with patients, physicians, and other personnel
JANE SMITH
NURSE (DIAGNOSTIC RADIOLOGY)
Job Announcement Number: XXX/XXXXXxXx-0
1987 - 1991, Registered Nurse 2, University Health Services
ABC University

Gallaudet University is the leader in liberal education and career development for deaf and hard of hearing
undergraduate students. | utilized my proficiency in American Sign Language as a registered nurse for
university health services where | provided physical assessments and emergency care for students. In
addition, 1 conducted wellness education, interpreted lab results, and communicated with physicians as
needed. I developed health care resources that facilitated delivery of the services provided.

1986 - 1991 Float Nurse Medical/Surgical Units
ABC Hospital Center

In this position 1 provided support in a variety of medical settings. I proactively identified and resolved
patient issues and educated patients on conditions and treatments as well as provided support for patients and
families.

1986-1997 Contract Nurse
ABC Health Unit

Asa contract nurse, | provided emergency treatment and health education at local federal job sites in addition
to health maintenance exams including venipuncture, EKG's, TB Tine, vision, and audiometry tests.

1981 - 1987, Nurse Clinicign, Surgical jitation, Ynit =1987 rit nse, Medical/Surgical
Unit (1982 - 1984), Staff Nurse, il Sosieat Dnt 1 deh a &) T ff

ABC Hospital

During my time at Washington Hospital Center, my responsibilities included conducting patient assessment
and educate patients and their families on conditions, treatment, and health maintenance skills. | coordinated
and directed 24 hour primary care of patients for a 40 bed unit as well as oversaw bedside nursing for a 40 unit
general surgical unit.
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science, Nursing
George Mason University, Fairfax VA

Diploma in Nursing
Washington Hospital Center, Washington D.C
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

Society of Gastroenterology Nurses and Associates, Inc.

 
Laboratory Assistant - Industrial Sample Resume
Prepared by Centennial College, Cooperative Ecication and Employment Resources, 2010

PAT M. SMITH

1284 College Street, Toronto, ON MC 121
(416) 123-4567 pamth@centennialeallege.ca

OBJECTIVE

‘A positon as a Laberatory Technician where my lab experience, technical knowledge and communication abilities
Will contribute o the successtul operation of an industrial lab

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS.

Recent graduate - Centennial College Laboratory Assistant ~ Industrial Cerificate program
Experience with production related assignments in state-of-the-art laboratories

Knowledge of regulations and standards for the food and pharmaceutical industries

‘Able to perform manipulation of test samples using instrumentation: HPLC, GC, UV spectrophotometer,
infrared spectrophotometer, atomic absorption spectrometer, pH meter, hydrometer, viscometer,
polarimeter, refractometer

‘Ability 10 write clear and concise lab reports and notes

‘Strong team player withthe ability to work well ndvidually or as a team in a culturally diverse environment

EDUCATION

Laboratory Assistant - Industrial Certificate ‘Sept. 2009 - Apr. 2010
Centennial College, Toronto, ON

Relevant Courses Included:
General Chemistry Microbiology ‘Occupational Health and Safety
Lab Instrumentation Microbial Techniques Analytical Chemistry

Project Work:
‘= Analyzed food and chemical samples
+ Uilized aseptic technique to isolate organisms

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lab Clerk Jan, 2006 - Aug. 2009
PCG Medical Centre, Toronto, ON

Prepared containers for patient samples
Demonstrated excellent knowledge of Standard Operating Procedures (SOP)
Ensured proper steilzation and storage of glassware

Received “Part-Time Employee of the Month" award for three consecutive months

‘Sample Collection Clerk ‘Summers 2003, 2004, 2005
‘Goma Research Laboratories, Toronto, ON.

‘+ Collected and ensured proper storage of samples; recorded all sample information
‘© Prepared and labeled glassware

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Atiliations ‘Ontario Association of Medical Laboratories
‘Computer Skills MS Wor, Excel, PowerPoint and Access

References Available Upon Request

 
About.com: Resume Samples
http://jobsearchtech.about.com/od/gettingthejob/a/HowToMakeResume.htm
BestSampleResume:
http://www. bestsampleresume.com

Career Builder: Resume Samples
http://www.careerbuilder.com/JobSeeker/Resumes/SR_Start.aspx?cbsid=4990e9cb4fc3442cb04f6228a
2ee71cc-310157895-KH-5&cblid=scpsrpro01&sc_cmp2=JS Nav PR Write
Gradview: Action Verbs For Your Resume
http://www.gradview.com/careers/actionverb.html

Monster: Resume Samples
http://career-advice.monster.com/resumes-cover-letters/resume-samples/jobs.aspx
Technical Job Search: Resume Samples
http://technicaliobsearch.com/resumes/center_1.html
Yahoo Hotjobs: Resume Samples:
http://hotjobs.yahoo.com/resume
ANTHONY
Contact: OXXXXXXXXX5,
E-Mail: axxxxy_sxp@yahoo.co.in

Dated:

Dear Sir/ Madam,

Please find the resume attached for the position of XXXX. I'm particularly interested in this opening / position, which relates
strongly to my over 7 years of experience in Employee Engagement, Relations & Counselling, HR
Transformation Projects, HR Policy, Payroll & Compliance, Implementation, Employee Grievance, OD
Interventions and Rewards & Recognition, etc.

In my present role as HR Manager-Leading the HR Operations for ABC Pvt. Ltd. (Start-up), I believe I meet
all the essential criteria for the position. I am having the following responsibilities:

e Heading the Human Resource of the organization (joined ABC as 2"? employee and incubated the department)

e Developing the department from start & handling recruitment, training, compliance, systems, policies & procedures

e Formulating & implementing the strategies for HR Management & Development, including recruitment/selection
policy/practices, discipline, grievance, counselling, pay and conditions, contracts, training & development, etc.

e Handling the hiring process, entailing advertising open positions, screening resumes, shortlisting prospective
candidates, coordinating and conducting preliminary interviews, employment tests, reference & background checks,
drafting offer letters, etc.

e — Responsible for:

o Time Office Management, which includes employee attendance, leave policy, etc.

o Handling compensation & benefits domain and handling employee wellness programs as well

o Taking care of all the necessary statutory compliances for the organization and to look after the whole
administrative department's work

o Coordinating with Insurance companies for employee health & accidental insurance policy and updating the same
periodically

o Managing the training calendar and organizing training programs (both behavioural/technical) for all the
employees at periodical intervals

o Conducting the Exit Interview Process for the resigned/ quit/ terminated employees for having a smooth
separation for both employee and the organization

e Working closely with all departments, increasingly in a consultancy role, assisting line managers to understand
and implement policies & procedures; Frame a clear and easily implementable HR Policies

e Functioning as a link between management & employees, addressing & resolving employee grievances and
implementing disciplinary procedures

I am now looking to take up roles in HR Operations/Employee Engagement, Relations & Counselling/HR
Transformation Projects/Payroll & Compliance in Any sector. In addition, I am open to assignments in any
location.

I am keen to join your firm due to its leading position in the industry, great organizational culture, spirit of
innovation, professionalism that characterizes your firm and its employees. I am attracted to this role on account that
it offers such as defining the long & short-term goals for firm for ensuring positive results in areas of HR
management practices.

I have high-level of communication and interpersonal skills and I am an effective leader, with the ability to work in a
culturally diverse environment. I have a strong business focus as well as excellent people management and resource
management skills. With my qualitative experience and knowledge of Employee Engagement, Relations &
Counselling, HR Transformation Projects, HR Policy, Payroll & Compliance, Implementation, Employee
Grievance, OD Interventions, Rewards & Recognition, etc., I believe I could make a valuable contribution to
your team and help lead the organisation to further success.

 
‘Sample of Mental Health Technician cover letter

From
lie D. Senn

1557 Forest Avenue

New York NY 10004

Phone 646-915-4959

Email ID. olle senn@mail.com

January 3, 2017

To
Invng © Stevens

Human Resources Manager
New York Mental Health Center
4041 Chandler Hollow Road
New York NY 10016

Dear Mr Stevens,

In response fo your advertisement in the January 2012 edtton of New York Health magazine
regarding the 0b opening for the posivon of a mental health tecnnician. | am writing this letter to
‘express my wish to apply for this job based on my experience and skills in ths field

have been working as @ mental heatth technician for the past eight years wth two diferent
‘mental health institutons. Dunng this penod | have performed vanous joo functions such as
providing basic level patient care. observing patient behawor and reporting inconsistencies to
‘Senior nurses and physicians, assisting patent's relatives with the admission process, etc | have
28159 helped my reporting personnel in creating reports and administering medication to patents

have enclosed a copy of my resume and a recommendaton later fram my senior nurse Ms.
Dana Whiting along with this fetter These documents will help you in understanding my profile

8 better way. Please fee! free to contact me on my contact information provided above, if you have
any quenes J willbe looking forward fo hearing from you regarding this application Thank you for
‘your consideratan,

Yours sincerely,
Otte D. Senn

Enclosures
Resume
Letter of Recommendation
Sample Behavioral Health Director Cover Letter

From

Grace Jonesv 932 Fannin Street
Houston, Texas

United States

(713)-028-3762
gracejones@coverletter.com

August 16, 2011

To

Carol Carter

Hiring Manager

Helton Health Care Pvt. Ltd
105 East Bidwell Street
Folsom

California

United States

Dear Mrs. Carter,

I was excited to learn about the job opening for the position of behavioral health
in your organization. I have the experience and knowledge you are looking for in
an ideal candidate. I have enclosed my resume that will give you detailed
information about my work experience and educational background.

[ have worked as a behavioral health director for the past ten years. I am aware
of the duties and roles involved here. In the organization, I worked with the
scientific study, the proficiency and practice of clinical health care, I understand
your organization's requirement and I am confident that I'll provide the service
and work you are looking from an ideal behavioral health director. I have the
license to carry out these responsibilities and duties. My extensive knowledge
and experience in this field makes me highly eligible for the job. My work in this
field has earned a lot of appreciation from my seniors and clients. I would love to
be a part of your organization as a behavioral health director and prove my
efficiency just as I proved in my previous work place.

| would be more than happy to share with you some of my work and how my
previous company got benefited. You can always call me at (713)-028-3762 or e-
mail me at gracejones@coverletter.com.

Thank you so much for your valuable time and considering me for the position.

Sincerely,
Grace Jones

Enclosures: Resume and Work Experience Certificates
Patient Care Coordinator Cover Letter Sample

Catherine Manger
55 East Swan Street
Contact No: HI] = 321 4321
:mail Id: catherinemangert@email.com

June 30, 2012
Daniel Hunts
Hiring Manager

‘Human Resource Department
Graham Hospital

Boston, MA 02109

Dear Mr. Hunts,

Tam writing this letter to express my interest on the opening position as Patient Care Coordinator in
your hospital. As I am informed from the advertisement on Boston Newspapers dated June 28, 201
the requirements that you seek from the candidate have been fulfilled successfully with my
Qualifications. 1 feel that 1 will be an excellent candidate for this position.

Thave 4 years of experience working as Patient Care Coordinator with excellent track record. I have
gathered the knowledge and skills needed to be an exceptional Patient Care Coordinator. | have strong
analytical ability and able to gathering data skillfully. My interpersonal skill is also proven to be
beneficial for my line of duty. I have enclosed my resume for further review of my qualifications.
I would appreciate it if we could discuss about this job vacancy in person, P
number soon. Thank you for your attention,

call me in my contact
Sincerely,

Catherine Manger
VERONIKA DUBNIAKOVA
PO BOX WAZ
6 | HATTIESBURG, MS 39406 ¢ (662) 436-1185 + VERONIKA.CHEMISTaGMATL.COM

HIGHLIGHTS

= Lspericnced with general urgunie synthesis and puri
#  Shilled ar using a wide range of analytical instruments (MS, NMR, IR, GC, UV.)
= Adepe ar working with bisconjugation (moditication of biopolymers with symthetie organic molecules)
= Possess experience in protein and nucle acid chemistey/mass spectrometry
© Lisperienee in working alonein a selt-deiven environment as well ay working asa team
# Troubleshooting and problem solving sills,

Fluent in Lnglish, French, and Russian.

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Chemistry Anticipated May 2012
fe University of Southern Mississippi Hattiesburg, MS
Advisor: Dr. Douglas S. Masterson

# Research Objectives: Peptides modification with onganie pemayesters and fumher analysis of moditied peptides
breakdown patteans by means of EST CID.

Specialist Degree in Chemistry May 2010

Russian University of Chemical Technology of D.1. Mendeleyey Moseons, Russia

# Advisor Dr, Vladimir. \. Korshun
= Research Obj
tives: Synthesis of branching blocks for self-assembly of DN. -nanostructutes via conjugation ot
J DNA with organi polyaides
EXPERIENCE

‘Research Assistant May 201 1-Prevent
‘The University of Souther Mississippi Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry
Hattiesburg, MS.

= Un

perosyester modification
jetakiny a project ro theltate peptide sequence determination using ESI CID spectra by introducing organic
Personally optimize the conditions for peptides modification with organi peronyesters

#Creite nine files tor modified peptides

Conduct mass spectrometry analysis and analyze the resulting fragmentation spect

#  Croite weekly reports and present findings to supervisors and other researchers

#  Independenly plan funsre experiments based on obtained results

Teaching Assistant September 2010-May 2011

‘The University of Southern Mississippi Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry

Hattiesburg, MS.

Taught Organic Chemistry I and 2 semester Labs

Created /presented lectures and answered questions ensuse student understanding of laboratory experi

insured lab satety by instructing: students on proper safety procedures and being vigilant while monitoring.

#Prompaly graded students lab reports and quizzes

Participated in weekly Teaching Assistant mestings to provide feedback on methods used and communicate
smudents prayers,

= Accepted constractive feedback from superiors to leart how to improve teaching method

Research Assistant January 20006-July 2
Shemyakin-Ovchinnikov Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Russian Academy of Sciences
Moscow, Russia
Antiviral Nucleotide synthesis Group Project

ding
ndings
Reported to group members and adjusted work based on group goals and

 
EDMUND WATSON

| Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: ($55) 322-7337 | example
emall@example.com
Dear Mr, Dean,

| write in response to your ad seeking an experienced Automotive Technician at
Dean Auto Repair. As a highly competent Automotive Technician, | would bring a
service-focused and hard-working attitude to this role.

In my current position, | efficiently and accurately repair a wide range of vehicle
systems including engines, brakes, and HVAC. | have a knack for problem solving
and work well independently and with little oversight. |am analytical, have a
good mathematical aptitude, and am friendly and helpful to everyone.

lam a self-starter and excel at diagnosing system maifunctions, maintaining
optimum parts inventories. and completing all necessary paperwork. | am familiar
with proper standards of care in automotive repair and learn new procedures
quickly. As a part of the team at Dean Auto Repair, | hope to serve your customers
well and increase your business by maintaining high standards for performance and
customer satisfaction.

My resume and references are atlached. Please feel free to contact me at your
earliest convenience to discuss the position and your needs in detail
Sincerely,

Edmund Watson


Health and therefore its publication must comply with the NIH Public Access Policy
(hutp:/grants,nih. gov/granty/guide/notice-file NOT-OD-08-033.htm))

{In order to ensure compliance with the NIH policy, I, as corresponding author on behalf
of all the authors, am retaining the rights to:

‘+ Provide a copy of the authors’ final manuscript, including al modifications from
the publishing and peer review process, to the NLM’s PubMed Central (PMC)
database atthe time the manuscript is accepted for publication; and

‘© Toauthorize NIH to make such copy of the manuscrip available in digital form
for public access in PMC no later than __ months (indicate 0to 12 months) after
publication.

To prepare derivative works from the manuscript;

‘To authorize others to make any use of the manuscript provided that itis not sold
fora profit and thatthe author receives credit as author and the journal in which
the manuscript has been published is cited as the source of firs publication; and

‘+ Todistribute copies of the manuscript in connection with teaching and research
by the author and by the author's employer.
By accepting this manuscript for review, [publisher name] accepts these terms and agrees
that the terms of this agreement are paramount and supersede any provisions in any

publication agreement for this article, already signed or to be signed at a later date, that
may conflict,

(Signature of corresponding author on behalf ofall authors)
Audiometric Technician Cover Letter

Your name and adovess
Date MMDDIVYYY

Recipient's address

Dear Mr. /Mis. Last Name,

Jam wmnting this letter with much interest in the potion of an audiometric technician. { recently came
across the advertisement for the position on the website (mention the name of the website of the
Job source). | have enclosed my resume for your consideration with much enthusiasm

J have been employed as an audiomettic technician for the last seven years and thus am
extremely capable with ail the equipment related to it I well aware of the work involved in the
research which requires you fo be accurate, make timaly analysis and testing of patient accounts.

In addition to this | have a degree in audiometric analysis and technology and have fully been
accredited with lab testing | am a top notch professional with a good tract racord in ths field
believe in team work and know to work well as a part of a team
J would be grateful to meet you and discuss on my educational and work background if would
really be kind of you if you could inform me this at my following number (mention your contact
details)

Thank you for your fimie and consideration.
Sincerely,
Your name.
Enclosure: resume and work experience centiicates
William O. Bryant

152 Walnut Ave. #2, Chico, CA 99926 (530) 2163121 / 23 Beltine Cour, Yreka, CA 96097 -(530) 322.2121
wobram ect exuchien edu - Web Page Address: ww.savc csuchice ew eebaron

September 7, 2009

Human Resources Coordinator
Electronic Data Systems
Folsom, CA 95630

Dear Human Resourees Coordinator:

Lam writing to let you know of my interest in your open PC Support Analyst and Production
‘Support Technician positions. I am a Senior at California Statc University, Chico and will
‘graduate in December 2009 with a degree in Business Information Systems, earning a 3.4 overall
GPA. In addition to my education, my qualifications include my work experience in a variety of
technical positions as described on the enclosed resume.

Thave developed a deep work ethic and excellent time management skills through the part-time
jobs I've held while attending college on a full-time basis. My employment history ranges from a
Help Desk Analyst to a Member Service Representative to various clerical positions. Because of
my diverse experience, I recognize and appreciate the importance of setting and reaching goals.
11am also confident that my educational and professional experiences demonstrate my ambition,
a quality thet would benefit EDS.

In addition to my time management skills and my strong work ethic, I ean offer you direct
technical experience from my current position at Chico State's User Services. EDS's long-
standing reputation was established by employing people like me who are customer-focused and
skilled in technology. If Lam hired, am confident my colleagues and customers will appreciate
my enthusiasm and flexibility. Furthermore, I welcome change, and my experiences have
prepared me to take a leadership role in a changing environment, like that at EDS.

‘Thank you for your consideration. [ look forward to hearing from you and possibly meeting for
‘an imerview. I can be reached at the contact information listed above.

Sincerely,

William . Bryant
Enclosure
LETTERS OF RECOMMENDATION FORMAT AND SAMPLES:

http://iobsearch.about.com/od/referenceletters/a/persrectemplate.htm

Personal Recommendation Letter Template

Salutation

When writing a personal recommendation letter, include a salutation (Dear Dr. Joyner, Dear Ms.
Merrill, etc.). If you are writing a general letter, say ''To Whom it May Concern" or simply don't
include a salutation and start with the first paragraph of the letter.

Paragraph 1

The first paragraph of the personal recommendation letter explains how you know the person
you are recommending and why you are qualified to write a recommendation letter to
recommend employment or graduate school. With a personal letter, you are writing a
recommendation simply because you know the person and their character.

Paragraph 2

The second paragraph of a recommendation letter contains specific information on the person
you are writing about, including why they are qualified, what they can contribute, and why you
are providing a reference letter. If necessary, use more than one paragraph to provide details.

Paragraph 3

When writing a specific letter referring a candidate for a particular job opening, the
recommendation letter will include information on how the person's skills match the position
they are applying for.

Summary

This section of the recommendation letter contains a brief summary of why are you are
recommending the person. State that you "highly recommend" the person or you "recommend
without reservation" or something similar.

Conclusion

The concluding paragraph of the recommendation letter contains an offer to provide more
information. Include a phone number within the paragraph, include the phone number and email
address in the return address section of your letter, or in your signature.

Sincerely,

‘Your Name
Title

www.zamislisrbiju.org
wew RecruiterGrouns.com_ www.AskTheRecruiter.com

Source: http://jobsearch.about.com/od/coverlettersamplev

Consulting Firm Cover Letter
Sample Cover Letter - Consulting

FirstName
LastName

87 Washington Street
Hopedale, NY 11233
518-555.5555

email

Date

Me. John Doe
AT Kiley

222 West Dover Street
‘Chicago. 69606
Dear Mr, Doe:

| had the extraordinary opportunity to work closely these past two years with Jane Smith, an A. Kiloy
‘consultant in the Higher Education Practice, as a member af XYZ University’s Presidential Search
‘Committee, This was my first exposure to the consulting protession, and I think tsa perfect match for
someone with my academic record, communication and leadership skils, and drive to succeed in a collegial
and team oriented environment

In my curricular, o-curticuar and professional achievements during the past four years | have shown
initiative, ereatvty in problem solving and a commitment to buiding consensus and excellence throughout
‘our college community and ina variety of setings.

‘As an intem in the Otfice ofthe U.S. Deputy Secretary of Education, | worked with the Senior Advising team
to provide accurate efective and concise statistical and anecdotal data fo a variety of constituents in order
to Suppor legislative proposals concerning the condition of America's public schoo's. I combined the wrtlen
‘and oral skile | have gained from courtes in American Studies and Government with quantitative and
analytical taining in a high intensity environment

As Vice President of Academic Alfars forthe Student Government Association and a student representative
‘on several college committees (including the one which nominated the sith President of XYZ University), |
have leamed:

‘+ touse language precisely and effectively

+ toarticulate myset to a range of audiences

‘© the value of integrity and persistence in working toward shor and iong-term personal and
‘institutional goals
“The opportunity to effect positive change fora range of institutions ie the most attractive aspect of consulting
{or me. Employees have described A.T. Kiley as “down to earth" and as having an “open culture." I teel
lucky to have been part of a college community whose openness has allowed for measured risks and the

jider necessary to achieve its goals, and | hope fo begin my career ina similarly rigorous and collegial
environment where can I learn from industry leaders. | look forward fo exploring further my opportunities at
‘AT Kiley and wil call next week to see itis possible to arrange an interview.
Signature
Personal Recommendation Letter Template

‘Salutation

‘When writing a personal recommendation Ieter, inclade a salutation (Dear Dr. Joyner, Dear Ms,
Merril, etc), If you are writing a general letter, say "To Whom it May Concern" or simply don’.
include a salutation and start with the flst parageaph of the letter.

Paragraph 1
‘The frst paragraph ofthe personal recomunendation etter explains how you know the person
you are recommending and why you are qualified to waite a recommendation leter to
recommend employment or graduate school, With a personal letier, you are writing a
revommendation simply because you know the person and their channcter:

Paragraph 2

‘The second panugraph of « recommendation letter contains specifte information on the person
‘you aye writing about, including why they are qualified, what they can contelbute, and why you
are providing a reference letter, If necessary, use more than one paragraph to provide details.

Paragraph 3

“When writing a specific leter referring a candidate for a particular job opening. the
recommendation letter will include information on how the person's skills match the position
they are applying for.

‘Summary

‘This section of the recommendation leter contains a brief sommary of why are you are
secommeading the person, State that you "highly recommend” the person or you "recommend
‘without reservation” or something similar.

Conclusion

‘The concluding paragraph of the recommendation leter contains an offer to provide more
information. Include a phone number within the paragraph, include the phone number and email
address in the relurn address section of your letter, or in your signature,

Sincciely,

‘Your Name
Title

 
SUGGESTED COVER LETTER FOR AUTHOR JOURNAL SUBMISSION

Dear [Publisher or Editor name},

Enclosed is a manuscript to be considered for publication in (Journal
name]. The research reported in this manuscript has been funded through the National
Institutes of Health, and, therefore, its publication must comply with the NIH Public
Access Policy (http://grants.nih,gov/grants/guide/notice-file/NOT-OD-08-033.html).
In order fo ensure compliance with the NTH policy I, as corresponding author on behalf of
all the authors, am retaining the rights for all authors and their representatives (such as
their respective university employers) to:
* Provide a copy of the authors’ final manuscript, including all modifications from the
publishing and peer review process, to the National Library of Medicine's PubMed
Central (PMC) database at the time the manuscript is accepted for publication; and

+ Authorize NIH to make a copy of that final manuscript available in digital form for
public access in PMC, no later than twelve (12) months after the official publication date.
By accepting this manuscript for review, [publisher name] accepts these terms and agrees
that the terms in this letter are paramount and supersede any provisions in any publication
agreement for this article, already signed or to be signed at a later date, that may conflict.

(Signature of corresponding author on behalf of all authors)
ais
Special Tools

Special Tools

Flywheel locking tool - Peugeot No.(-).0188-F.

Crankshaft pulley puller - Peugeot No.(-).0188.P.
Crankshaft sprocket aligning tool - Peugeot No.(-).0188.Q2.
Flywheel timing pin - Peugeot No.(-).0188-Y.

Camshaft timing pin - Peugeot No.(-).0188-M.

Timing belt clamp - Peugeot No.(-).0188.AD.

Tensioning tool - Peugeot No.(-).0188-J2.

Tension gauge - SEEM C. Tronic 105.5.

Set of blanking plugs - Peugeot No.(-).0188-T.

Removal

Removal

NOTE: The high-pressure fuel pump does not require timing.

1. Raise and support front of vehicle.
2. Disconnect exhaust front pipe from manifold.
3. Remove:
© RH front wheel.
RH splash guard.
Engine upper cover.
Auxiliary drive belt.
Lower torque reaction link.
Flywheel housing lower cover.

©QPOVOVOVO

Lock flywheel [1] . Use tool No.(-).0188.F.

Disconnect and seal off fuel pipes. Use too! No.{-).0188-T.

Remove timing belt cover [2] .

Refit timing belt upper cover bolt fitted with a 17 mm thick spacer [3] .

NOTE: Timing belt upper cover bolt [3] is also a water pump mounting bolt.
8. Remove:

© Crankshaft pulley bolt [6] .

o-Crankshaft pulley [7] . Use tool No.(-).0188.P.

© Flywheel locking tool [1] .

NOak
Manufacturer: Peugeot Model: 406 2,0D HDi
Engine code: DW10ATED (RHZ) Output: 80 (110) 4000

Tuned for: Year: 1998-04
TEC RESUME A
SUMMARY

Administrative Assistant with ten years of experience in a variety of industries providing support to senior
executives. Excellent time management skills with demonstrated ability to prioritize and handle multiple projects
in face-paced environments. Customer service focus. Detail-oriented with success implementing solutions to
create optimal efficiency. Work well independently and as a team member. Strong interpersonal and
communication skills with the ability to collaborate with diverse individuals.

Technical Skills: Working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, SAP
and SRM. Certified in Microsoft Computer Applications.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SIEMENS MEDICAL, Malvern, PA 2006-2008
Executive Administrative Assistant
Provided a variety of administrative support duties for two Vice Presidents, five Senior Directors and four
Departments.

*  Collaborated with Vice President to plan and execute all aspects of office expansion that went from 15 to 50
employee space. Project completed on schedule and within budget.

* Created first tracking sheet for travel arrangements that increased efficiency by providing immediate access to
all trip details for four executives and ten managers.

* Created and organized Friday Briefing Breakfasts that enabled 50 employees to network and keep current on
departmental operations in an informal setting.

* Increased efficiency and accountability by implementing first tracking sheet to record and document all
equipment, supplies, and materials purchased. Solution enabled department to stay within budget.

* Asked to counsel employees on performance issues.

* Provided support to customers to ensure satisfaction.

SCOM FOR TRUE POSITION, Berwyn, PA 2006-2006
Project Management

Coordinated all project activities and plans to ensure availability of services and staffing to meet goals and
objectives of the Technical Support team.

* Managed timely procurement of contract resources within budgetary requirements.

*  Ensured timely delivery of tools and support materials.

* Contributed to best-in-class execution of objectives and customer satisfaction excellence through continual
review and development of tools, support materials, and quality improvements.

WYETH PHARAMACEUTICALS, Collegeville, PA 2005-2006
Women’s Health — Worldwide Regulatory Affairs Pharmaceutical Operating Unit

Executive Administrative Assistant

Provided administrative support for four Vice Presidents and five Directors in various departments.

¢  Ensured all reports met deadline requirements for FDA approval.
* Completed special projects and handled highly confidential reports and documents for Vice Presidents.
* Created first travel sheet that increased efficiency by consolidating all travel arrangements.
Andrew Ferree
1313 Ebenezer Church Road @ Memphis, IN @ (502) 544-7872 @ ferreea@ius.edu

© Upcoming Indiana University Southeast graduate offering a strong academic background in IT
(Information Technology), including programming and networking combined with experience as an on-
campus helpdesk employee.

© Quickly learn and master new technology; equally successful in both team and self-directed settings;
and proficient in a range of computer systems, languages, tools and testing methodologies.
Education

INDIANA UNIVERSITY SOUTHEAST — New Albany, IN Degre
B.S. in Informatics program @ GPA: 3.542/4.0
B.S. in Computer Science program

Study in these areas has provided me with a good understanding of how |T functions in a business and
gives insight on how to manage IT services within a company. | have studied human-computer interaction,
desktop and mobile application development, web and multimedia design and development, networking,
and project management.

Previous Employment
+ Atby’s (2004-September 2006) ~ Cashier
+ Krogers (September 2006-2007)- Produce Clerk and Pharmacy Technician
Concurrent Employment with College Studies:
© Student Computer Lab Consultant (2007 to Present): Provide technical support for IUS students.
and facuily. Duties include assisting new students with creating network login accounts, resetting
account passwords, assisting with connecting laptops to the wireless network, and finding printers on
the network, | also assist students with questions regarding Vista and the Microsoft Office 2007 suite
of programs,
Technology Summary

Systems: _ | have worked extensively with XP, Vista, and Windows 7 and have experience with Linux
and OS X.
Databases: MySQL, JavaDB, Access, Relational Databases
Languages: SQL, HTML, ASP, C++, Java, Assembly, Ci

Software: MS Office, Visual Studio 2008, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, and
Netbeans.
Scholarly Activities

Member, Indiana University Southeast Informatics Club, 2008-Present
Member, Phi Eta Sigma National Honors Society, 2007-Present

Dean's List, 2008

Dean's List, 2009

 
Career
Action
Center

Sandra Pharmtech
24 Deacon Lane, Lynnwood, WA 98036
425-640-1234 spharmtech@yahoo.com
Objective: To obtain a position as an entry level pharmacy technician.

Summary of Qualifications:
e Attention to detail, aptitude for problem solving, teamwork

e Experience and training in medical and pharmaceutical terminology

e Strong verbal and written communication skills, professionalism

e Customer service personality eager to assist internal & external customers

e MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access, e-mail, internet research
Education:
Edmonds Community College, Lynnwood WA

Pharmacy Technician Certificate, June 2007

Relevant Coursework:

¢ Over the Counter Medications
Orientation to Pharmacy Practices
Medical Terminology
Hospital Procedures/IV Dosage
Human Body Structure & Function

Applied Pharmacology | & II
Pharmaceutical Calculations
Pharmacy Terminology
Pharmacy Law & Ethics
Pharmacy Clinical

Professional Work Experience:

Internship April 2007 — June 2007

Fred Meyer Pharmacy, Lynnwood, WA
e Assisted pharmacist with faxed prescriptions, inventory, ordering, re-stocking
e Performed trouble shooting for client with insurance issues to resolve problem

Sales Clerk/Cashier May 2003 — August 2005

Fred Meyer, Lynnwood WA
e Assisted customers with product selection, explained product usage if needed
e Stocked shelves, distributed flyers, cashiered, performed price checks
e Relief clerk for pharmacy, cross trained in every department

Community Involvement:

Volunteer/Nursery & Rehabilitation 2002 — Present

Children’s Hospital, Seattle WA
e Hold and rock sick babies to give respite to parents and caretakers
e Play games and sing to/with resident children undergoing treatment
General Cover Letter Sample

Hans Straub

635, Eastover Street

New Orleans, LA 87492

‘Telephone: (372) 737-7499

Email ID: hans_straub@yahoo.com

March 3rd, 2012

Lucas Mendeleev
Human Resource Manager
763, Main Street

Saint Paul, MN 87737

Dear Mr. Mendeleev,

‘Through this letter, | want to introduce myself and to show you my interest in becoming a part of your
company. | attached my resume which consists of my detailed experiences such as employment
background, training experiences, achievements, education and skills. My work experiences are
strengthened with high responsibility and effort. 1 would bring my skill-sets to work for your company.
I have successfully performed my tasks with high degree of professionalism, My previous employer
felt satisfied with my effort in my previous work. My current objective is to obtain a position that will
expand my skills and experiences properly.

I believe in excellence and have always dedicated myself, my talents and my creative abilities to assure
the successful accomplishment of any company goals. My positive attitude is the valuable asset to any
organization that would employ me. I am certain that my skill-set will give profit to your company.

ook forward to hearing from you in the near future and hopefully to schedule an interview in which 1
hope to leam more about your company. It's goals and plans and how I may be able to contribute to its
continued success and growth. For further information, you can contact me at (372) 737-7499 or send
information into my email account, Thank you for considering my application.

Sincerely,

Hans Straub

 
Applicant’s Name

1234 Street Address, City, State, ZIP
(123) 555-0123
ApplicantEmail@Email.com

Objective

Highly creative and innovative Oracle professional with advanced communication skills and abilities, who
seeks and enjoys responsibility, a problem solver, experienced with multi-tasking and resolving complex
problems. Enjoys working with people and interacts effectively at both technical and management levels.
Strong strategic thinker and team builder.

Experience

Oracle Applications Manager
Year—Year Company's name, City, State

e Participates as key stakeholder in ERP implementation projects to develop requirements, design, build,
and support on-time implementations

e Manages a fully integrated team to provide user support, on-going system maintenance (patching), and
additional configurations that enhance business process changes and prevent system downtime.

e Works with key business functional partners, plans, configures, and supports system implementations and
business process integrations

e Serve as the Business Unit Manager's conduit to IT to address business process changes and their
impact on enterprise systems

e Develops project scope definition and implementation plans to maximize allocation of resources, ensure
timeliness of delivery and optimize technology solutions

e Plans systems applications and resources to develop, test, and complete programs

e Establishes and maintains standards for system and applications architecture, configuration, and
documentation. Develops standardized documentation and policies

e Develops and implements methodologies, policies, and procedures to ensure systems and applications
are in compliance with company standards

e Leads, manages, and participates in key organizational IT initiatives, such as business continuity
planning, IT audits, and asset protection policy development

e Ensures that all processes and documentation are adequate and effective to meet specifications and
requirements

e Manages and maintains productive relationships with business managers, ,IT colleagues, and outside
consulting resources.

e Primary resource for company compliance program. Assist with management of internal control testing
and evaluation, Perform continuous monitoring activities, prepare test plan documents and test
procedures.

Sincerely,
Hane BauckerJoseph Q. Applicant

123 Main Street, Anytown, CA 12345 - 555-212-1234 - josephq@email.com

September 1, 2018

Jane Smith

Director, Human Resources
Fit Living

123 Business Rd.

Business City, CA 54321

Dear Ms. Smith,

I’m writing to apply for the position of Social Media Manager for Fit Living, as advertised on
your website careers page. | have three years of experience as a Social Media Assistant for
Young Living, and | believe | am ready to move up to the manager position.

In your job posting, you mention that you want to hire a Social Media Manager who
understands Internet and social media trends. During my time at Young Living, | was given the
responsibility of increasing follower numbers on Instagram. | explained to my manager that |
would be happy to do so, and that | would also work hard to increase follower participation,
because engagement has become an important metric.

Within six months, | increased our followers by over 50 percent and increased engagement by
400 percent. I’m very proud of that accomplishment. Currently, I’m working to build a following
with the best influencers in our niche.

When | saw the job opening, | knew it was the perfect opportunity to offer you both my social
media marketing skills and people skills. ve included my resume so you can learn more about
my educational background and all of my work experience. Thank you for your time and

consideration.

Please feel free to email me or call my cell phone at 555-555-5555. | hope to hear from you
soon.

Sincerely,

Joseph Q. Applicant
Registered Nurse (RN) Cover Letter Sample

Farah Jonah
625, Blue Street

Detroit, MI 73620

Telephone: (343) 276-2987
Email ID: farah_j@yahoo.com

March 20th, 2012

Brandon McBride
Human Resources Manager
Happy Hospital

222, Main Street

San Francisco, CA 72522

Dear Mr. McBride,
[hope to apply for the position of registered nurse, which is published in job vacancy at New York
Times. | really want to occupy as Registered Nurse in your hospital. In addition, | enclosed my resume
along this letter for your review.

I graduated from University of Michigan with Bachelor Degree of Nursing Science. I have been
working at St, Mary Hospital as Registered Nurse. I have been working with medical practitioners and
nursing staffé that have huge experiences in medical field. 1 gave best quality of patient care such as
offers new facilities and provide patient needs. I have certified as Licensed Nurse from Michigan
Medical Certification in 2003 with registration number g2672h097.

T have extensive knowledge in medical equipments, healthcare, and pharmaceuticals. | am able to
demonstrate aptitude for developing new skills in medical. | have excellent teaching skills that allow
me to provide training program for graduated nurse. Good communication skills make me provide

good interaction with patients and their Famili
1 know that I would bea valuable addition to your hospital. I hope that you call me for discussing my
interest further in interview session. You can contact me at (343) 276-2987. Thank you for your
attention.

Sincerely,
Farah Jonah
January 1, 2004

Mark Wilder
44773 Rock Willow Road
Ballwin, MO 63011

Dear Mr. Wilder:

Based on the criteria you listed, | believe | am an excellent candidate for the position of
Please accept the enclosed resume as my application for the
position.

As a recent graduate, my professional job experience is necessarily limited. However, |
believe that you will find, and previous employers will verify, that | exhibit intelligence,
common sense, initiative, maturity, and stability, and that | am eager to make a positive
contribution to your organization.

| am therefore respectfully requesting a personal interview. | feel confident that a frank,
in-person discussion will determine if a compatible environment exists for a future
relationship. | would welcome this opportunity and assure you that this would be time
well spent. In advance, | thank you for your consideration and look forward to meeting
with you in the near future.

Sincerely,

Drew Sterling

Enclosure
Jane A Jobseeker
123 Success Ave, New York NY 10017
Ps (242) 555-1212: jane@vahoo.com

February 14, 2020

Mr, Marcos Alvarez
Director, Human Resources
‘ABC Company, Inc.,

456 Career Ave

‘New York, NY 10011

Dear Mr. AWarez:

11am submitting my attached resume for consideration for the Certied Nursing Assistant postion you have
advertised on Indeed.com,

have been a nursing assistant for the past two years. During this time I have utized and sharpened my
sls in the folowing areas:

‘+ Assist residents with grooming, oral hygiene, bathing, hair, and incontinence care.
+ Obtain food trays and assists residents with feeding.

«+ Assist residents with range of motion exercises, and movement to wheelchair or activity areas.
‘+ Assist resident with turing and positioning in bed

‘Assist resident with ambulation for short distance infact.

+ Take and record temperature, blood pressure, pulse and respiration rates, and food and fluid intake and
‘output, as directed.

| trust my attached resume that fuly documents my credentials, accomplishments and quafications wil
encourage you to contact me and schedule an interview. If gven the opportunity, {wil prove to be a valuable
asset to your team of professionals

‘Should you have any questions or require addtional information, please contact me at your convenience.
‘Thank you in advance for your time and consideration,

Sincerely,

Jane A Jobseeker

 
ACCOUNTANT
COVER LETTER

SU cbecee aR Ea Ca fern
[Today's Date]

[Hiring Manager's Name]
[341 Company Address]
[Company City, State xxxxx]
[0%x) xxx-xxxx]

[hiring. manager@gmail.com]

Dear [Mr./Mrs./Ms.] [Manager's Name],

I'm excited to be applying for the Accounting position, which was advertised on the [COMPANY
NAME] website. | believe that my education, skill-set, and experience make me a suitable
candidate for this role.

1am a highly organized and self-driven individual, passionate about developing my career in the
field of Accounting as a Corporate Banker. My commitment can be gauged from the fact that |
am an accredited holder of a MBA degree with Accounts as specialization from Poloma College.

Possessing more than 5 years of experience of working in diverse financial positions with
multiple companies, | have gained an extensive insight within this field. My key accounting and
financial competencies include, but are not limited to, maintaining financial records, managing
budgets, risk assessments and business strategy reviews.

In my current position with Langford Partnership, where | work in the capacity of Financial
Analyst, | am accountable for leading a team of 5, and carrying out a wide range of commercial
processes. During the course of my career, | have gained a specialist's understanding of
financial instruments and accounting software, and have also been effective in explaining
complex information in a comprehensible manner.

As a Certified Public Accountant, | am an accomplished communicator, with excellent
organizational, decision making, and time management skills, and have a proven track record of
consistently meeting and regularly surpassing demanding performance goals.

Proactive, innovative and highly influential, | am seeking a challenging but rewarding position,
which is why | was naturally drawn to this exciting opportunity.

Sincerely,

[Name]
LEE
MICHAEL HARRIS

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 example-email@example.com
Dear Mr. Yung,

As a highly skilled Accounting and Finance professional, | read your posting for a new Financial Analyst with interest. My
experience aligns well with the qualifications you are seeking at Market Pro, in particular my role as Financial Analyst
with Accurate Financial, and | am certain | would make a valuable addition to your organization.

With more than 12 yeats' experience as an Accounting and Finance professional, | am adept in financial modeling,
forecasting, and variance analysis. Moreover, while my on-the-job experience has afforded me a well-rounded skill set,
including first-rate analytical and problem solving abilities, | excel at:

Identifying operational inefficiencies and recommending improvements.
Designing weekly, monthly, and annual spending reports.

Auditing financial processes on a quarterly basis.

Creating presentations to highlight performance and business goals.
In addition to my experience and personal qualities, | have a solid educational foundation and a passion for finance. |
am extremely enthusiastic about Market Pro's focus on business process improvements and would welcome the
‘opportunity to contribute to your ongoing success.

Please review my attached resume for additional details regarding my expertise and career achievements. | will follow
up to request an appointment to discuss how my experience and background meets your needs.

Thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,

Michael Harris


ACCOUNT MANAGER

your.name@gmail.com Ke 000) 00-100 Y 142 Your Address Blvd, City Name, CA XXXXX
[Today's Date]

[Hiring Manager's Name]
[341 Company Address]
[Palo Alto, California 94301]
[(.00x) 20%x-2000
[hiring.manager@gmail.com]

Dear [Hiring Manager's Name],

1am very interested in the Account Manager role at Valley Tech. After reading through the job
responsibilities, | believe my expertise and experience position me as a perfect candidate for this role. |
have at least ten years of experience in sales and consulting, proving my qualifications and background.

Ihave worked in sales since early in my career, and am knowledgeable in customer-relationship
management, sales quota, identifying consumer needs, and conducting quarterly reports. With this
background, | am well-experienced in attracting new clients, negotiating agreements, and giving
presentations to prospective customers. | made sure | provided excellent service for the best
experiences for my clients. In addition, my effective communication and negotiation skills have allowed
me to close deals with clients very efficiently, hitting quarterly quotas and exceeding sales regularly.

Asa previous Consultant at Legal Genius, | have had experience working with multiple clients and
projects at once. It was my job to make sure | developed a strong relationship with my clients, ensuring
understood their needs and was able to negotiate any arrangement. On a regular basis, | manage my
client requests, design new marketing strategies and proposals, and facilitate communication on my
team. | have been trained in understanding my clients and their businesses very well, addressing their
problems by proposing unique and innovative solutions. My role as a Consultant has proven my
effective verbal and written communication skills with clients, ability to maintain client relationships,
and capability in generating effective solutions on strict time-constraints.

With all the roles | have held, | have developed strong relationships with my clients and regularly
exceeded quotas. My ambitious attitude and dedication, along with my trained business background,
has allowed me to close deals effectively and manage my client relationships very well. | believe my
past clients and associates will be happy to speak on my accomplished performance. With my
outstanding skills an experience, | am committed to bringing the best for Valley Tech.

Thank you for your time. | look forward to discussing this further at an interview.

Sincerely,
[Your Name]
John Doe

1234 5d Sues, New York NY 00000
Home $55-555-5555 Cal 432-123-4567
Johndoeemallcom

22 October, 2010

Company Name
22 Second Avenue
‘New York, NY 00000
335-333-3333
company @email com

Dear Ms, Sage,

‘With 2 commitment to customer service and a strong desire to be part of 2 winning team, Iam ready to
advance my career in this industry. My professional experiences have guided me tothe account manager
position, and have made me the ideal candidate for the job My previous associate positions have prepared me
‘with useful nowedge about acquiring and maintaining 2 variety of accounts. In my last positon I built =
customer base that allowed me to bea leading representative ofthe business, erowing profit margins while
maintaining a superior customer satisfaction rating. Asan arcount manager, I would be able to ill utilize my
‘ntexpersonal sills as wall as my sales sls, building relationships and exciting naw parmerships to help
gow your business Advancing my career to the postion of account manager has been a long-standing goal of
sine, I would be excited to achieve this goal with your accomplished and award-vvinning business. My
‘experiences, lnowledge, and disposition would prove to be an asset in your industry. Thank you so much for
‘your time and consideration, and I Jock forward to further discussing my application with you in an interview
sting

Jon Doe

 
BANK TELLER COVER LETTER SAMPLE

°
‘Mr. A. Employee
1, My House
Any Street

This Town
POS7 3DE

Ast January 2014

Mrs. A. Manager
The Company
Employment Street
‘That Town,

POS7 3DE

Dear Sir/Madam,
Application for a Barista (Job ref if known)
| would like to apply for the Barista role that you have advertised in (where) and (when).

| have alwayshad passion for good quality coffees andhaving donesomeresearch intoyour company andproducts,
| feel that | would like to be part of your future.

Jama very hardworker who is eagerto learn quickly andhavetakens look at the store in (where the role will be
based) and like the setting and staff, products etc.

‘My backgrounds customer related one, | have workedinashop (doingwhat?) andl am now keenon entering the
‘world of coffee andwould keto start asa Barista andworkupwards when the opportunities become available.

am an excellent communicator, Icanworkmany number of different shits withno commitment problemsand | am
‘able to pick up new systems and way of working quickly and efficiently.

have enclosed my CV with my letter andcanattendan interview at short notice should you haveany interest in my
skills.

Inthe meantime! would keto thankyou fortakingthetimeto read my CV and letter and! look forward to hearing
from you.

Yours sincerely

NAME SURNAME
Pa

Formal NORTHERN

Letter

OHIO NORTHERN UNIVERSITY

Department of English
What is a formal letter?

The formal letter is a standard genre in professional and academic settings. While the function and purpose of the document
may change based on the circumstances in which you are writing, many of the formatting and organizational conventions will
be consistent. Be sure to read your assignment prompt carefully to determine the larger goal of the letter. In some cases, your
purpose will be to inform or persuade, to apply for a job/position, or to introduce another document (or set of documents).

How should the letter be organized or formatted?

Typically, formal letters follow a consistent set of genre expectations. Again, be sure to note any specific request made by
your teacher in the letter assignment. Common formal letter conventions include (see an example below):

* Date
¢ Inside Address
¢ Salutation

* Body
* Closing
¢ Signature

¢ Enclosure (if applicable)

Your tone should be formal and appropriate for the audience to which you are writing. Page layout will vary between writing
contexts, but typically you want 1’ margins on all sides with line-spaces between each component of the letter. Further,
letters are typically written in “block” format, meaning you do not indent new paragraphs. Rather, you add a single line space
between paragraphs.

Examples of assignments that might use the formal letter format include:

¢ — Job application cover letter (w/ Resume)
* Graduate school cover letter (w/ CV)

¢ Letter to the Editor

¢ Reflective letter

* — Project proposal

Tips for Writing the Cover Letter:

The cover letter is one of the more common letter formats we use in academic and professional settings. Applications for jobs
and admissions packets for graduate school are almost always framed with some form of a cover letter. Here are a few tips
for writing a successful cover letter for a job or school application.

Be goal oriented; we rarely write formal cover letters without a specific purpose in mind. Ensure that the objective is
crystal clear for your reader. If they have to search to determine your purpose, they will stop reading.

Think rhetorically; focus on the expectations of the job, position, or institution. Try to imagine what the reader will
want to see and then write with that goal in mind. Use job ads, websites, and program recruitment materials to
determine what a potential employer or academic program desires in an applicant.

Break the letter into manageable sections; typically the formal cover letter works in three distinct parts:
strong initial para- —Y To whom it may concern,

graph: says who he

is, how he thinks, and

what he wants

indications of match

with / interest ina
venture capital firm

John “brands” him-
self well: “I'm an
engineer and biolo-
gist who works in
teams and likes
entrepreneuship"
explicit about the position many concrete or
quantitative descrip-
tions of accomplish-
ments (“decade" not

“lifelong")
August 4, 2015
I am writing to express interest in the Flagship VentureLabs. In al
of biological engineering research, I have approached biology as a medium for building impactful

solutions. I now seek a position which would allow me to fully manifest such an impact.
Scientific translation has been a driving motivation for my research and career. As an engineering
a wealth management company to advise their prospective energy
investments; as aduate student, I have complemented classes i in | Biological Kinetics with Early
Stage Capital and Innovation Teams. My day-long) virology ex followed
late-night director meetings for the world’s oldest student-run entrepreneurship program, MIT’s
$100K Entrepreneurship Competition.

My multifaceted exposure to biomedicine and engineering affords me a unique interdisciplinary
perspective. As an engineer, I can appreciate the beauty inherent to biological processes while si-
multaneously distilling a given process down to critical parameters. I daily interface with metabolic
engineers, cell cycle biologists, oncologists, and materials scientists in our lab and those adjac
sorting and assessing their disparate research innovations. My own research de
utility of merging peptide engineering with traditional chemical catalysis for more versatile small
molecule production. I have shown novel enzymatic structures which permit the use of biocatalysts
in industrial solvents and temperatures wherein enzymes are often inoperative.
usefully redundant
references to
relevant experience
I see biology as the foundation for modern innovation — certainly in medicine, but also in energy,
food, and consumer products. These technologies are not immediate, and a longterm commitment
is critical for the successful maturation of biological innovations. Such investments serve to accel-
erate our fluency both in biotechnologies and in entrepreneurship, leading towards more reliable,
deterministic approaches. It is the promise of these myriad successful outcomes that drives my
excitement for biotechnology innovation and investment.

compare with Flagship's
“About Us" webpage: “The
Flagship VentureLabs unit
systematically originates
and launches transforma-
tive companies that can
John shape the world's future.”
Another snippet: “acceler-
ated innovation and paral-
lel entrepreneurship”.

Sincerely,

All rights to original document reserved by the author.
Bookkeeper Cover Letter Sample
+1-202-555-0161

example@wozber.com

Ryan Peterson

Business Analyst www.wozber.com

New York, NY

XYZ
92 Hexham Road
New York

Dear Mr. Bryan Jones,

| am writing to express my strongest interest in the Business Analyst position that is vacant at XYZ. I've been
working as an office and business manager for the past five years, gaining the experience | believe you are looking
for.

| am a business analyst professional with strong analytical skills who have integrated modern digital tools that led to
20% more efficient workflow, data tracking, and sharing. | am well-versed in SWOT methodologies, case, data and
business process modeling and | am capable of continuously exceeding monthly goals. The annual turnover growth
of XYZ is 3.2%, but | am confident you can double it in 10 months. | am willing to start working on it from the first
day in the office.

| would welcome the chance to discuss your business management objectives and ways | can help to attain them. |
look forward to this opportunity.

Thank you for your consideration,
Ryan Peterson

Created with @) wozber www.wozber.com
BUSINESS ANALYST

your.name@gmail.com — \ (XXX) XXX-XXXX Q 142 Your Address Blvd, City Name, CA XXXXX
[Today's Date]
t
[341 Company Address]

ing Manager's Name]

[Company City, State xxx]
[0xx) 122-1000]

[hiring.manager@gmail.com]

Dear [Mr./Mrs./Ms.] [Hiring Manager’s Name],

'm excited to be writing to you regarding the business analyst position advertised on (Website’s
Name). With over 5 years of experience supporting business solution software and analyzing business
operations, I believe that | am a perfect fit for this role.

As part of my current role as a business analyst at TELLCO, | analyze client’s business requirements and
processes through document analysis, interviews, workshops, and workflow analysis. Using my
knowledge of SQL, | further support our clients systems by conducting 5+ levels of testing including
functional, regression, user acceptance, integration and performance. During my tenure with TELCO |
have gained valuable knowledge of customer service, EDI standards, and risk analysis.

Among my peers, | am regarded as an analytical whiz with expert problem-solving skills. Furthermore,
Ihave a proven track record of translating stakeholder requirements into tangible deliverables that
exceed expectations.

My resume is enclosed, and will give you further insight into my skill sets, accomplishments, and
‘experience in this sector. | look forward to discussing my application with you further. | appreciate
your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

[Your Name]

 
Bonnie Harris
2134 oat St, winneapons MN 540%
Home: #S20069000 onarecoal som

an 13,2013

‘sey Mar
‘Genet Hoop
So10 reper ay
Minnearpte, MN Ssaot

RE: Mecical Records Assistant, 112013
esr Ms Mise

‘You maybe wondering wy a formar Administrative Asian with 7 years experience i applying his
poston Pan plsae Sted moran iravow my guakeabone You su bat ave fauna cleo

{Faneton woth nw ola amrandy or is career change and guarantee tnt my work wl exe Your
‘Spectatons. Heres hon my experanice and sil moet your requrements:

personal qualities combines wit my diverse experiance wil conrbut o General Hosp sucess. The
a cis ve saqured ser Acme sesetat combined wen my coving assoson
Mecca Records Management ar a paract matt forthe poston

My endosed resume outines my experience and SKS. ok forward to taking the net steps with yeu.
| appreciate your conseraton.

‘Sincerely,

emma Has

‘eeo00-0000

ras@omal.can
ADAM JOBSEEKER, Ph.D.

18200 Main Ave. * Cleveland, OH 44444 *Tel: (216) 555-5555 * Cell: (216)555-5555 sajob @hotmail.com
May 6, 2007

Hiring Agent Name, Title
Company Name

Address

City, State Zip

Dear Hiring Manager:

Iam writing to express my interest in the position of Research Scientist, advertised as being open with
your company at this time. I am a talented and accomplished Research Scientist who is experienced in

toxicology, oncology, and other areas. I have more than 5 years of professional research experience, and
have worked at some the country’s most respected universities and laboratories. I have been successful in
developing innovative experimental techniques, and have more than 10 articles and presentations to my
credit. Now I am interested in bringing my skills and talents to work for your company.

My knowledge of biomedical, physiological, and biotechnological research, together with my ability to
produce accurate and reproducible results, make me a perfect choice for a research position. I am adept at
designing and implementing experimental procedures in disciplines such as toxicology, genetic
expression and mutation, botanical / pharmaceutical research, cellular biology, and immunology.

Tam skilled in a wide variety of experimental techniques, including DNA, RNA, and protein
recombination, sequencing, and manipulation, as well as many others. I am experienced in both in vitro
and in vivo experimentation, and have most recently performed investigations into molecular regulation
of green tea polyphenols in cancer cells, and mediation of cap-independent translation in human
carcinoma cells. I am able to train and supervise laboratory fellows and technicians, and am familiar with
grant preparation.

I would bring to any position first-rate communication skills — oral as well as written — strong analytical
talents, and knowledge of medical and clinical procedures.

I will call your office in a few days to inquire about the possibility of a meeting.
Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely yours,

Adam Jobseeker, Ph.D.
Luis Snyder

1 Main Street Cell: (655) 322-7337
New Cityland, CA 91010 example-email@example.com
Dear Ms. Hiller,

| write in response to your ad seeking an experienced Direct Support Professional at Hiller Health
Services. As a highly competent Direct Support Professional, | would bring a service-focused and
hard-working attitude to this role.

In my current position, | maintain safe, neat, and organized environments for every patient in my care.
Ihave a knack for problem solving and work well independently and with little oversight. | am
observant, hard-working, and dedicated to total patient care.

| ama self-starter and excel at assisting patients with personal care, administering medications, and
accompanying patient to appointments. | am familiar with HIPPA compliance and typical heatihcare
processes and learn new procedures quickly. As a part of the team at Hiller Health Services, | hope
to help you continue your reputation for excellence.

Sincerely,

Luis Snyder


COLLEGE COVER LETTER
[Today's Date]
[Hiring Manager's Name]
[341 Company Address]
[Company City, State xx000]
[00) x00 000
[hiring.manager@gmail.com]

Dear [Mr./Mrs./Ms.] [Manager's Name],

My name is [Name] and I'm pleased to be applying for the position of [Position] at [Company
Name]. | was ecstatic to find this opening at [Website / Job Board] and feel that my skills and studies
make me a perfect fit for the role.

Asa senior at UCLA in the English department, | have a wealth of experience in conducting research
and compiling written reports and analyses of my findings. My time studying abroad in England
allowed me to hone my interview, research, and writing skills, culminating in the approval of a
6,500-word thesis. Furthermore, my work asa tutor required extensive time management and
collaboration efforts, preparing me for the deadlines and team demands of [Position] at [Company].

Some highlights from my relevant experiences include:
Conducting research spanning 3 cities in England, interviewing over 10 individuals
Improving tutoring-subject writing scores by 40%
Receiving an average score of 9/10 on tutor review surveys

What draws me most to [Company] is your work in the international publishing field. Having studied
the effects of literature overseas, | believe | can lend some expertise to your efforts to research and
development new techniques for breaking into international markets.

I’ve enclosed my resume, which further details my education and experience. | look forward to the
‘opportunity to discuss my skills and qualifications in person at your earliest convenience. Please

reach me by email at [Email Address] or by phone at [Phone Number]. Thank you for your time, and
ook forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely,

[Your Name]
Consulting Cover Letter Example

‘Tip 2Make Sure
hy Apping
the ter ae
forte Potion
xt Too aay concer
Dinnt Sectons
‘an sepi bbe hc Corsten web angry Nae] Mr mnie acorn Pe
"Yo my tacgondin rac, lado ices an acader acheeret wad ea vata nts oapan Nara @
be retin et yom Me Bor, hk th an aed eptnehn (nred a
‘ap Oatos tuna te ina) nso hn be panto tas Near ots tant ny acre
Tp Avid Ung tna Candie
RS er aaa Proteins, have four key proven skis ht could conto [Company Name
td abo in tat scton se 7
fauna sete uae Oe anna Wh sig sco cane mang! inion pe
coecmeee snr mon ota an, nea mgr, Nap ey wok oh camps of cree
per large scale IT systems. ‘achiovernent that
- Vea shown
Ane Deco ting: na ni wag pnt cant te nt i
. | Sostnconaonty otoconia got nang beam aan
Tip tink Your Cover
eed na Sil: A sea, pea ct nen ppc opt nan
J coenare renin Example of sowing va of i
tothe company worn fr
cv Wing: He eing waren gt mei ad nd ne
**k cf «popcsedlngeaoninpacingowerncoe commutes, asad on hs any, le speech oe presentation or
kkk te hs ei parr ne tryna goverment ofc, ase on fi stay, Soverarat ts amaned
perc oglon ret ny wen recommender,
Tip7 Show
Your Value Contin wih srg seas chive ana rack econ fet ade hse sts wou! ow me to con Example of evidence
tote Company Name Leprecl yer ten cate ry epson. bated storteling
pectic example ofthe skits
Tip 6 Hightght Your Skis sincere,
and Experiences via cana Name
Evidence Based Story-Toing oe
Conclusion

“Tp 8-One Pages Prt argh an shoving ta ne page rg

Mscvmyresume

Example of Cover Letter New Graduate

1494 Boggess Street Texas, TX — Phone +1 (555) 881 3428
VIVIAN J. ELSON

October 15, 2018
Nurse Recruiter

Orlando Children’s Hospital
2500 Celebration Avenue
Orlando, FL 32801

Dear Mr. or Miss,

Please accept the attached resume as an application for one of the new graduate nurse positions
that were discussed during Orlando Children’s Hospital career fair, September 6, 2017. I recently
graduated from Emory University’s School of Nursing baccalaureate program with honors. In
addition to my 15 week practicum experience on a pediatric medical-surgical unit, I worked for
one year as a nurse extern at a children’s hospital in Atlanta, GA. I have been lucky enough to
have exceptional registered nurse mentors who have prepared me clinically and professionally
for my first position as a_—sregistered nurse following = my —_ graduation.

I would appreciate an opportunity to interview for one of the available positions in the new
graduate nurse program. I understand that Orlando Children’s Hospital has one of the best new
graduate nurse programs in the state, providing a 8 week orientation program with a preceptor.
T have spoken to several past participants from this program who have said that our orientation
program eased their role socialization and allowed them to refine their new skills and
experiences prior to taking on their responsibilities as an independent registered nurse.

T look forward to hearing back from you soon to set up an appointment for an interview with you
and your staff. If you have any questions prior to that time, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely,
Vivian J. Elson
Don Johnson

aT] Mr. Ronald McDonald
McDonald’s Inc.

CONTACT

+91-9999-999-999 Dear Ronald,

don_j@hiration.com . en a , .
je Meticulous & detail-oriented, | am an enterprising Business Operations Management

SF, CA Professional with an MIM postgraduate degree from Columbia University. Armed with
a track record of spearheading teams to conceptualize & execute marketing campaigns
across all media platforms and optimizing processes to boost market penetration for
diverse organizations & growth ventures, | am extremely interested in the profile of
Sales Manager at XYZ. | would like to grab this opportunity to serve in a value-based
organisation which would provide a competitive & dynamic environment for me to
flourish as a professional. | also have a keen interest in other relevant profiles that
evidence a high degree of Operations Management blended with BD Strategy.

My aggressive approach of indulging in ground-breaking work has manifested in my
career in varied forms. In my current role as the Marketing Manager at XYZ University,
| led a team to successfully sign ~35 MOUs with multiple European & Asian embassies
& exceeded targets for foreign admissions by ~25%. | initiated measures to reduce costs
and increase retention by ~30% each, in addition to liaising with 40+ foreign embassies
& visiting 15+ countries to promote the University’s brand. | was appointed in-charge
of conceptualizing, implementing & evaluating marketing & media campaigns to
bolster market presence across geographies and representing the University at the
Global ICEF meet.

It is difficult to come away un-awed by the passion for excellence that XYZ has displayed
in its meteoric rise to become a dominant player in this field. It’s remarkable that
despite a presence in 15 countries, it values its employees & ensures a continuous
learning environment. | am inspired by its collaborative working style that emphasizes
upon teamwork, trust & tolerance. Hence, | consider XYZ to be my most preferred
employer.

Enclosed for your consideration is my resume. I’d appreciate the opportunity to further
discuss my suitability and qualifications with you on call or in person so we can
deliberate on my plan to boost your Sales targets by 30%.

Sincerely,
Don Johnson
Enclosures: CV


COVER LETTER EXAMPLE

Name of the person ‘Your Name
‘Title of the person Your present address
Name of Organization City, Province,
Address Postal Code
City, Provinee,

Postal Code Date of Writing

Dear (Name —Person responsible for hiring):

First Paragraph
Say why you are writing. Name the position to which you are applying. Say how you have
learned of the opening and why you are interested in working for this employer.

Middle Paragraph
Refer the reader to the enclosed resume giving additional information concerning your
background and interests. Demonstrate to the employer how your interests, educati
‘experience fit the job requirements, Describe one or two qualifications you think would be of
{greatest interest to the employer, keeping in mind the employer's point of view. Ifyou have
related experience or specialized training, be sure to poi

mistake of saying, “I'd like a position so I can gain work experience”; show the employer
‘what you will be able to do for them.
itout. Don't make the common

Last Paragraph
Close by making a specific request for an interview and that you cane reached at the stated
telephone number (include it here for easy reference). Make sure your closing is clear and

suggests a specific action.
Sincerely,
(Your handwritten signature)

‘Type your name here

[2 RESUMES

TIME
COVER LETTER EXAMPLES

43 Charlton Place,
Limerick City
Dear Ms Smith,
Please find enclosed a copy of my Curriculum Vitae in response for a Community
Development Worker (ref 1P97) as advertised in the Limerick Post on 6 February 2007. I
am currently a final year Cultural Studies student at the University of Limerick and I will be
tinder pressure has been illustrated by my handling ofthe requirement to study and to
‘domestic responsibilities efficiently. {believe that through the research for my ai

have shown myelf tobe capable oforganising my time effective
come up with original ideas
Lam available for interview at any time and should you require any further information,
please do not hesitate to contact me.
Yours sincerely.

Josh Magutire

[IG RESUMES
TIME
SARAM SAMPLE
‘Sees
Bereta ae ge ete
Bete a

Sensor
SANDRA SAMPLE conitrretorastsn,
fone
Joe Jobscan
1234 Resume Ln.
‘Anytown, WA 5555S
(555)555-5555
jobscan@jobscan.co

Nancy, STATE WHY YOU ARE WRITING FIRST

Iwas hoping to learn more from you about potential employment opportunities
currently open at iHeartResumes. It is a company | think highly of and would love to
learn more about. Based on what | already know, iHeartResumes’ customer service
and company culture are a couple of things that interest me the most.
(EMTs
As aresume of ion expert, I've worn many hats but am most passionate
about my successes in various client-facing positions. | have helped over 250,000
job seekers navigate the resume optimization process, facilitating over one million
‘scans at Jobscan. | have made those same job seekers three times more likely to get
an interview than those who don't use Jobscan.
| appreciate your time and look forward to hearing back. If you don't have any
‘current openings, feel free to hang on to my resume (attached) and contact me in
the future,

Sincerely,

Joe Jobscan
J O h Nn D oe john.doe@gmail.com BS

. 416-821-9879 [J
Project Manager
Sydney, Australia 9

oor linkedin.com/in/john.doe_ iin

Doris Johnson john.doe @
Human Resources Manager

Optimal Workplace Inc. 321

Employment Avenue.

Sydney, Australia

5 June, 2019

Dear Ms. Johnson,

As a highly skilled project manager with 11 years of experience, | am writing to express my
interest in the project manager position at your company. My experience aligns well, as |
have worked in project management for several years with a prominent retailer, and |
know | would make a valuable addition to your team.

After working for over a decade in project management, | have advanced knowledge in
developing scopes, keeping projects moving, submitting deliverables on time, and ensuring
a seamless experience For all parties involved. Moreover, while my previous position
afforded me a well-rounded skillset, including excellent relationship building and time
management skills, | excel at:

- Outlining project scopes, managing timelines, and deadlines.
- Tracking and reporting on overall progress.
- Managing daily operations and implementation of new programs.

- Forecasting project revenue and ensuring all goals are met.

In addition to my experience and relationship-building experience, | have a solid
educational Foundation and a passion for Furthering projects that build loyalty and, in
turn, grow revenue For your organization. | would much appreciate the opportunity to
contribute to your ongoing growth and continued success.

Please review my attached application For additional details regarding my expertise and
achievements. Do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions or need Further

clarification on my experience. | would love to meet with you and discuss this position in
detail.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,
John Doe

RY novoresume.com
J O h Nn D oe john.doe@gmail.com Ba

. . 416-821-9879 QJ
VP, Finance & Operations
Toronto, Canada 9

To: linkedin.com/in/john.doe in

Doris Johnson john.doe @
Human Resources Manager

Optimal Workplace Inc. 321

Employment Avenue. Toronto,

Canada

21 September, 2018

Dear Ms. Johnson,

As the Vice-President of Finance and Operations at a national Food chain, | bring proven
success in enhancing productivity and gaining an advantage when it comes to profit
margins. My work spans companies and business units at varying stages of growth, from
start-up to multinational organizations.

With over 20 years of achieving profitability and long-term growth, | seek to monitor
budgets and sales numbers closely to identify areas For improvement. | am known for
enhancing performance through technology upgrades, implementing best practices, and
improving employee training protocols.

Examples of my achievements include:

° Drove successful launch of start-up organization through contemporary hiring practices,
defining product implementation, and developing go-to-market strategies to achieve
50% margins and $15M+ revenue within my First three years.

© Managed daily operations of a $100M+ consumer goods department that introduced a
complete line of products to the U.S. and Canada, improving profit margins by 14%.

e Proved a vital team member that conducted a complete leadership reorganization that
resulted ina 10%improvement in productivity within the sales department anda 15%
improvement within the technical team.

As a skilled professional with a CPA degree and a background in analyzing and improving
sales numbers, | am confident | will prove an asset to your company and respectfully
submit my application For your review. | would like to request a meeting to discuss how |
can help meet your goals. | am available at your convenience and hope to hear From you
soon.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,
John Doe

RN novoresume.com


REESUMES
Seo

Mervin Rosenthal

"2725 Contr Dive -Seato, WA 98108
‘name@youremai com | (111) 1284887

December 17th, 2018

Janis Merit
ob Tt

Business Name

123 Business Adsross, City, Stato, Zip.
(aayasses7

ear Ms. Janis Mer,

{am submiting my resume an is tert express my intrestin te internship opportunity you have
‘valabe you Incematon Securty department. are of ts tran om Joo Moyer, who sy
‘sr at Sate Unversty, and who rend rtrd as head ofS fom yeu exgaizaion. fam grateful hat
fo told me about ts opening, and am very exctod about pursuing hs Opprtunty,Tbeleve | woud Be
hatengod ths rol, but aso ala make a conor

‘am curenty a sana at Stato Univosiy majoring in Computer Scone wih an emphasis in Sout.
revousy graduated tom Conmunty Coleg win an Associate's degree in iformaton Teetnoogy where
fy ara of concontvaton was Gyborseutty. Carey am onthe Dean's is ac as Weastrer of We
(Gybersecury Cub, and am an aeive momber othe Forenscs oom.

{am passionate about computer secuy. have intentional chosen courses that have alowed moto
velop and aply my saints aoa, Tose ne

{Network Security
Network Frewate

* Computer Forensics

*Penavaton Testing

“Eten Mocking

"Risk Accesement And Documentaton

nace tomy acadenic work, Ihave a year of experience working 2s aalp desk technician at Major 8
Box Eecroncs Store. twas recent prometed fo poston at alows me to helpndhivals and Sa
business cnners whose computer systems Nave beon hacked o exposed to malar,

‘woud ove to opportunity to meet win you to asus tis intrnshipoppertnty. tink would be a
ect ft and wa be hap o answer ary queston you might havo. Thnk you apa fr Your

 
Natalie O’Brien

Sometown, VTS:
no@somedemain.com

August 10, 2017

‘Mr. Joshua Hartwell
HR Coordinator
ABC Company

567 North Ave.
Sometown, VT5555.
Re: Financial AnalysFP&A = Advertised on Monster
DearMr. Hartwell:
Tam very interestedin the financial analyst opportunity postedon Monster. Asa financial analyst with

a BSin finance and 12 years of diverse industry expenence I excel at managing complex FP&A
initiatives forpublily held companies and global, multmilion- dollar operators.
‘Valued as a decision-support partnerby executives and boards of directors, Iprovide adhocanalysis,
data sourcing. research and financial modeling contributingto business transformations, including

Structuring acquisition deals ofup to $200M.
Providing financial and operational analysis contibutingto approvals orrejection of business cases,
valued atup to $500M.

Benchmarking analyses giving employers oolsto achieve a competitive advantage

Fostering cross-departmental relationships andsharing trends with executive leadarsto develop
continuous improvement solutions throughout the organization.

Talso play a key ole in refining models andzep ors that support forecast andbudget processes. By
‘owningthe data,” Iamableto drive visibility into my employers’ revenue, expenses and fictional
operations andguide better decision-making,

If youare searching for a fimancial analyst anmed with the vision andknow-howto increase
shareholder value, we should speak Youmay contact me at rno@somedomain.com
Sincerely,

Natalie O'Brien

Enclosure: Resume

 
SUGGESTED COVER LETTER FOR AUTHOR JOURNAL SUBMISSION
Dear [Publisher or Editor name],

Enclosed is a manuscript to be considered for publication in [Journal
name]. The research reported in this manuscript has been funded through the National
Institutes of Health, and, therefore, its publication must comply with the NIH Public
Access Policy (http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT-OD-08-033.html).

Tn order to ensure compliance with the NIH policy I, as corresponding author on behalf of
all the authors, am retaining the rights for all authors and their representatives (such as
their respective university employers) to:

+ Provide a copy of the authors’ final manuscript, including all modifications from the
publishing and peer review process, to the National Library of Medicine's PubMed
Central (PMC) database at the time the manuscript is accepted for publication; and

+ Authorize NIH to make a copy of that final manuscript available in digital form for
public access in PMC, no later than twelve (12) months after the official publication date.

By accepting this manuscript for review, [publisher name] accepts these terms and agrees
that the terms in this letter are paramount and supersede any provisions in any publication
agreement for this article, already signed or to be signed at a later date, that may conflict.

(Signature of corresponding author on behalf of all authors)

Gembloong.com
Mf. myresume
Example of Cover Letter
2482 Kenwood Place, Florida, FL — Phone +1 (555) 767 7526
JAMES R. SILVA

Mathew Moris

Hiring Manager

Dayjob Lid

20 Vyse Street

Birmingham
BISON
Dear Mr Moris,

Tam writing to express my interest in your vacancy for a Operations Manager, which was advertised yesterday
on the www.dayjob.com website

‘As an experienced operations manager who possesses extensive IT knowledge, strong leadership skills and
superb relationship management abilities, I feel I would be an ideal candidate for the position.

‘A review of my attached CV will quickly confirm to you that I am able to design and implement process

improvements aimed at streamlining activities whilst at the same time driving up performance and quality. However
what my resume may not show is my ability to provide motivational and inspirational leadership to supervisors and key
staff, thereby helping them to develop themselves and their departments further.

‘My experience to date has equipped me with a multitude of relevant skills in not only IT hardware and software
platforms, but also in running core areas of any operational setup. I consider myself to be a technically minded individual
who is capable of working in a fast paced and ever changing environment and who is eager to leam about the latest
platforms and technologies as they emerge. As a prolific trouble shooter, I am comfortable with tackling problem right
through from detection to resolution. My core strengths include but are aot limited to:

‘Managing teams involved in multiple areas, together with a real awareness of the kinds of
initiatives that drive performance

Exceeding productivity goals at the same time as ensuring service excellence.

‘Working within budgets.

Superb customer facing and client management skills.

ook forward to the opportunity to meet with you to lear more about your firm, its plans and goals, and also
to discuss how I might contribute to its continued success.

Sincerely,
James R. Silva
J O h Nn D oe john.doe@gmail.com Ba

. , 416-821-9879 [J
Customer Service Professional
San Francisco, CA 9

To: linkedin.com/in/john.doe in

Doris Johnson john.doe @
Human Resources Manager

Optimal Workplace Inc.

321 Employment Avenue.

San Francisco, CA

21 March, 2019

Dear Ms. Johnson,

With a Formal background in marketing paired with my proven success in retail sales, | am
looking to transition into public relations. | believe my skills and background make me an
excellent Fit For the position of Public Relations Specialist at your PR Firm in the
department of consumer goods.

Having used your products, | am already knowledgeable about your brand and your
offerings. | have followed with excitement as you launched new fragrances for various
celebrities and have introduced an edgy personality to your branding and product lines. |
would bring both passion and knowledge to promoting your brands to the press and the
public.

Already trained in creating buzz, | was responsible for the social media content at my
previous company. When my team decided to participate in the polar plunge two years ago,
we used social media to create interest in donating to our cause, and we raised more than
$10,000 For the event.

| am confident the skills | homed in previous positions have prepared me for this
opportunity with your Firm. My expertise in your products and my experience in customer
service and retail sales make me a great candidate for this opening. | would love to meet
you and share more about my previous experience. IF you have any questions, please give
me a call at 416-821-9879 or email me at john.doe@gmail.com.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,
John Doe

RN novoresume.com
john.doe@gmail.com

John Doe 416-821-9879 []

Marketing Student Auckland, New Zealand 9
linkedin.com/in/john.doe_ in

To:

j john.d
Doris Johnson john.doe &

Human Resources Manager
Optimal Workplace Inc. 321
Employment Avenue.
Auckland, New Zealand

05 January, 2019

Dear Ms. Johnson,

lam writing to express my interest in the summer internship program with your marketing
company. | learned about your company through the student center at my university and,
after visiting your website, | have immersed myself in your groundbreaking work in the
transportation industry.

lam currently majoring in marketing, with a minor in statistics, and will receive my degree
next spring. While | have a comprehensive marketing and analytics background, my
emphasis is on government campaigns. | Feel that your agency places prominence in similar
areas and having the privilege of serving as an intern with you will increase my learning
opportunities and give me the exposure | need to advance my career while using what I’ve
already learned to make an impact on your clients.

After graduation, | hope to work for an agency like yours to grow my experience, serve
clients and eventually start my own agency. With the right opportunities and experience
working with prominent clients, | believe that | can achieve my goal.

| previously held an internship at another local advertising agency, working on critical
projects for their clients. During that internship, | had the opportunity to learn the Adobe
Creative Suite of products, including Photoshop and InDesign. | also learned how to craft
compelling campaigns that garner attention in the healthcare space. | believe that my
knowledge of digital marketing and social media could be of interest to you, as | read that
you are looking to grow your social media team.

| would like the opportunity to meet with you to discuss internship opportunities you have
available. Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to see specific work
samples. You can reach me by phone at 416-821-9879 or by email at john.doe@gmail.com.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,
John Doe

IN novoresume.com
CHANNING TATUM

Fort Worth, Texas | 565-958-6655 | channingtatum@yahoo.com

Dear Hiring Manager,

| would like to express my interest in the Customer Service Manager position. |ama
self-motivated and progress-driven Customer Service Representative with an extensive
background in this industry. With a long-standing record of initiative and innovation, | have
developed and executed strategies which | believe will bring value to AT&T.

Throughout the course of my career, | have honed my complaint resolution and technical
support abilities. |am an astute problem-solver capable of prioritizing and managing complex
projects with proficiency.

In my previous role, | exercised communication, interpersonal, and quality assurance in
contribution of team efforts and organizational improvements. | am open-minded and focused
on new developments in my field. | have proven to be effective and motivational, with
proficiency in delegation and collaborative work. | enjoy brainstorming and coordinating efforts
to achieve a common goal.

Please take a moment to review my enclosed resume and accompanying credentials. | would
appreciate the opportunity to soeak with you regarding my candidacy for the Customer
Service Manager role.

I'm looking forward to your response and thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,
Channing Tatum


CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
[Today's Date]

[Hiring Manager's Name]
[341 Company Address]
[Company City, State xxx]
[0ox) 100-4000]
{hiring.manager@gmail.com]

Dear [Mr./Mrs./Ms.] [Manager's Name],

1am writing to you regarding your company’s Customer Service Representative opening. | have
been working as a Customer Care Specialist at Satellite TV Co. for more than 2 years now, and
during that time I’ve developed impeccable phone manners and an ability to politely deal with
disgruntled customers. | am accustomed to working on multiple projects simultaneously, and can
offer new ideas to help your company grow and surpass all goals and objectives.

Duties at my previous company included making 60 cold calls a day to businesses and private
individuals in order to solicit sales for goods and services. During my tenure, | implemented a new
sales strategy, reducing training expenses by 90% and increasing the close ratio by 10% within 3
months.

My experience at Satellite TV Co. has helped me improve my leadership skills, hone my
organizational skills, and has provided me with extensive knowledge of how to upsell services and
goods to potential clients. | also worked at Scottrade as a Customer Service Intern, where | further
cultivated useful customer service abilities while handling technical support for clients on a wide
range of company products. Working there, | was able to resolve issues at a 90% rate and memorize
an entire line of company products & services — including prices and special discounts.
'm looking forward to discussing the position and my qualifications with you in more detail soon. |
feel confident that | fulfill the requirements for the Customer Service Representative position at
[TARGET COMPANY]. Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

[Name]

ROGER RESUMA

{999 South Main Street, Chicago, IL 69999
Phone: (999) 555-4444 | Email: rresuma@resume-resource com,
February %, 2012

Contact Name
Contact Job Title
Company Name
Company Address
Company Cty, State, Zip

Dear Mr./Mis/Ms, Lastname:

'¥ your organization is seckng a siled and experienced Project Manager, | would appreciate the opportunity to seuss
your needs and objectives with you. The accomplishments noted within the accompanying resume wil lustrate the
value and vision that lean bring to your team.

For the last five years, | have led various projec implementations, providing Customer Relationship Management and
Data Warehousing Solutions to AAA Computers. | have demonstrated success in managing these full project Iifecyces,
hich have resulted in mult-milion dollar savings forthe company. | possess a deep understanding of how to utilize
‘technology in order to deliver enterprise slutions that meet requirements of business.

[My expertise includes strong hands-on technical skis with CRM and ERP/ERM software applications including JOE and
Sebel. 1am highly skiled in database development, object-oriented analyss/design, data modeling client/server
application development and data warehousing. Furthermore, | have proven the ability to manage large scale project,
consistently delivering these engagements within time and budget constraints. I possess a solid track record for leading
and motivating technical professionals in order to achieve high levels of performance. These trends intend o continue
long ito the future,

In review of your company's objectives and possible openings, belive that my experience isin perfect line with your
current needs. If you firm's looking fora dependable, results-oriented profesional, | would be interested in speaking
with you to discus the value that my strengths and experience can bring to your search. canbe reached in confidence
atthe above telephone numbers and I look forward te hearing from you.

Sincerely Yous,

Sign name here

Roger Resuma

Enclosure
Deborah Stansberry

PETE W ANI
Process oriented Data Analyst with $+ year track record of analyzing business inteligence and
detailed reports to increase sales revenue. Reduced costs of a retail chain by 159 by analyzing
‘operating data. Seeking to leverage skills and experience to guide business decisions.

Experience
201201- DATA ANALYST
2017-01 ABC Reta, Cincinnati, OF

+ Speatheaded study of stockroom operations that reduced costs by 15%.
+ Analyzed market trends resutting in 10% increase in sales revenue

+ Tracked weekly sales data to chart whether departments hit goals.

+ Produced reports and presentations using QlikSense sohware.

2010-07- + MANAGER
pou Corner Book Store, Cincinnati, OH
+ Managed team of 8 employees at college book store
+ Identifed improvements for efficient shift coverage.
+ Formulated new inventory methods that lessened averstock,
+ Analyzed book purchase trends to better meet demand.
2008-09- Ohio University, Master of Arts in Business Administration
2010-06 + Graduated Magna Cum Laude,
+ Capstone project: Developed a plan to reduce driver downtime for a major
shipping campany.
+ Specialized in economics and accounting coursework.
2004-09- Ohio University, Bachelor of Science in Statistics
2008-06 + Specialized in studying statistical analysis of business trends.
+ Minor in business and administration.
+ GPARB

Additional Activities

2010.08- Board vice-president
2012-04 Boys and Girls Club of Columbus
Used analytical and business management skills to offer guidance to non-profit,
organization. Studied membership data to identily ends.

Certificates

2018-02 EMC Data Scientist Associate

2014-05 Certification of Professional Achievement in Data Sciences from Columbia
Unversity

2012-03, Certified Analytics Professional

Conferences

2016-1 IEEE Computer Society Big Data

2015-04 Big Data Innovation Summit

2013-04 Predictive Analyiics World for Business

Personal Info

Phone
585-742.2424

E-mail
<debbie.stansberty@gmail.com
Skills.

‘Qliksense data visualization
eco
‘Advanced Math
Proficient in Project Scheduling
eco
‘Strong communication skills
ee
Above average leadership skills
oe
Big Data
Creative problem solving

Quality reporting

Mutizasking

Software
Minitab 17

Qliksense

QDA Miner

MAXQDA,
Deborah Stansberry
PrcwUr yas

March 15, 2019 Personal Info
Joanna Conley Address

HR Manager 41710 Dancing Dove Ln
Tribeca Teknalogix Astoria, NY 11306

233 Broadway, 11th Floor
New York, NY 10279

E-mail
debbie.stansberty@gmail.com

Dear Joanna,

Coming off an enlightening data analyst intemship, | was excited when | found your new opening
for an entry-level data analyst. As a computer science student, and later as a data analyst intern,
Ive developed and tweaked my informatics, data science, and statstical analysis sil, and |
‘know | have what it takes to be @ great addition to the team at Tribeca Teknologix.

‘As an intern with ingenious Informatics, | worked on many small and large-scale projects which
‘allowed me to expand my data toolset and knowledge, That experience, coupled with my
University IT background, gives me @ great understanding ofthe Ins and outs of data, including
systems analysis, business practices, database management systems, emerging technologies,
business trends and IT project management.

During my time at Ingenious Informatics, my wins included:

+ Designed and built over 50 statistical analysis models on using Teradata

+ Increased data collection and processing rates by over 175%6 with Al and ML integration and
new proprietary software

+ Won the Quanties 2019 Awards for Excellence for “Top New Practitioner.”

|.am quite proud ofthe resuits | achieve, whether i's simple data entry or complicated
calculations and compilations. If you give me the chance to interview for the data analyst job, '™m
certain you won't be disappointed

| eagerly welcome the chance to discuss the upcoming projects and plans of Tribeca Teknologix,
‘as well as to share with you how my past wins at Ingenious can easily translate to increased
insight and better predictions ai TT.

Sincerely,

Deborah Stansberry

PSS. Itycu have time for a coffee, '¢ love sitting dawn with you and discussing how | could bring
‘my increased dala processing rates (175%) over to Tribeca Teknologix.

zety.com
E, 2 A, Wikke. WA & +1-202-555-0196

Wi example@wozber.com
Digital Marketing Project Manager %& www.wozber.com

Q Washington, DC

XYZ
2847 University Street
Washington, DC

Dear Mr. John Walters,

| am very interested in the Project Manager position that is available at XYZ. Given the job requirements you have
provided in the job description, | believe | am the perfect candidate for the job.

| have worked in digital marketing and business advertising for over three years. | love this job because it's incredibly
dynamic and challenges my creativity every day. Together with the team from Prospect, | spearheaded modern and
innovative solutions for more than 45 clients, managing projects with the budget exceeding $40,000 and delivering
creative projects such as the Small People and Missing Animals viral ads, both receiving over 50 million
impressions. XYZ with its famous campaigns like those for X and Y, would be the perfect place for me to utilize my
work experience and qualifications.

Boasting a solid knowledge base and an eagerness to continue learning, | can be a helpful professional for your
team. | would welcome an opportunity for a personal interview to discuss your company's needs and the results you

can expect from me in addressing those needs.

Thank you for your time,
Emily Williams

Created with @) wozber www.wozber.com
Emily, Wille & srzeasssor96

15 example@woctercom
Digital Marketing Project Manager Ye ened

© Washington 0c

ww
2047 anersy Set
Wastioglon 06

‘am very trated inthe Poet Manoge osten hats ube LZ Gen he jb requtements youve
Prod nthe ob deserptionIbaleve! athe perfect conde forte ob,

‘have work in dlgt marketing and business adverts for oer thee years. ove thisjob becuse rey
‘mam and chosonges my reat every ay Togeter th he ea om Pospet,epehease ose and
inno solitons for moe than 45 cents, maagg poet withthe budget exceeding $40,000 and delivering
reste project sucha the Smal Pople and ising Anal 9 beth ecving oe 0 mlion

limes sone¥2 wa ts fous compose the those for and, wold e the pret plae forme outze my
sk expenence and quafetons

oartng a 2otdknwedge ave and an eagenes fo conte leting canbe a ep poesioal for our
team woul welcome an oppor ora prea imenientaiocss your company needs nd tees you
‘onenpest fom mein géeesng tare needs

‘Thank outoryourtine,
Emiy ions

Created wth @ woxber ve wosbercom
ste res2 20st
James Branson & exomple@worder com

Digital Marketing Specialist 1 wemnworbercom
© Mancheste, UK

ww
Cannery Rs
Mancester

Dear te Keth Buon,

Tm arecent Yale Coegegradte wih martin degree. While dont have any pope work expeence ny
‘courses maven management nance, nd buns: have gen mea sodbnowledge ba, Aloght could
have pane ita woring experience anyre want tart my eaten lat am ly passionate bout
~iptbusiessmaretig and management. Thats why am So hoppy came won ajo Ist aU

‘hse studying oie. putipted na clborate web based marketing project fer aglobal business,
Hott in. rag wh we complete or complex web raves ested dtl AdWords ae Facabonk
‘cungaign, and sugested recommendations tha the compay happy mplemete, We sed a smi adver
‘mod the Hew Mood and Feny dtl cmpogre, As a erie ofthe business school stdet Bar, ako
‘Stoanze varius events and reat play aatertseent fo" he evets porters which wet ate impemeted
‘Sra tanar by alte eter anvrety tude bors base hat my creat nd proactive pasion or
Imtting are whats seachng foe,
ok foward being my corer a XV. yu sgh my ta marketing education dd passion woud
Imote me. sueng ado oer team please calor emal meto setup meetin

“Tnkyoutoryourtime,
James Branson

created wth @ worber vn wosbercom
ELIJAH HARRISON

T Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-
email@example.com
Dear Ms. Adamo,
Asa highly skilled Accounting Consultant, | read your posting for a new Accounting
Consultant with interest. My experience aligns well with the qualifications you are
seeking at Adamo Consulting, in particular my role as Accounting Consultant with
Futura Systems Group, and 1am certain | would make a valuable addition to your
organization.

With more than nine years’ experience as an Accounting Consultant, lam adept in
business analysis, program implementation, and performance monitoring.
Moreover, while my on-the-job experience has afforded me a well-rounded skill
set, including first-rate professionalism and strong teamwork capabilites, | excel
at:

‘+ Developing business solutions through effective analysis of existing
rocesses.
+ Outlining problem areas for compliance, accuracy, and produ
‘+ Recommending process improvements to increase efficiency.
+ Maintaining valuable and productive client relationships.

Inadation to my experience and personal quatiies, Ihave a sokd educational
improvements. lam ext

fon and would
Welcome the opportunity to coniibute to your succes trough increased
revenve, stronger client relationships, and best practices improvements.
Please review my attached resume for additional details regarding my expertise
and career achievements. | will follow up to request an appointment to discuss
how my experience and background meets your needs.

Thank you for your time and consideration,

Sincerely,

Eljah Harrison
Your Name
222Every Road, Any Town, Al 1B
‘Mrs Jane Smith

‘ABC Company
All Streets

‘Any Town
YVI 1ZZ

Date)
Dear Sir/Madam,
Application forthe role of Finance Consultant

I would lke to apply for the role of Finance Consultant that you have got advertised in (which
publication and when).

Thave been working in finance and consultancy roles for over 5 years now and would like to be able
to combine my excellent client facing skills with my knowledge of the financial industry.

Thave excellent communication skills and enjoy working closely with clients, providing them with
advice and support and new ways of them running the financial side of their business. find it
important to keep up to date with the new products and skills within the financial world and like to
keep up to date with these as much as possible.

Thave enclosed my CV which details my qualifications, my previous work history and what skills and
‘experiences I possess which is relevant to this role that I am applying for.

Please do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions regarding my CV and I will be
happy to answer any questions that you may have.

‘Thank you for taking the time to read my letter and CV.
Tlook forward to hearing from you.

Yours sincerely
‘NAME SURNAME
Financial Advisor

Jane Brown
101 Any Road, Every Town, 300. 1YY

‘Mirdohnsmith

‘ABC Company
All streets

Anytown
Aan izz

(pate)
Dear Mrsmith

| am nterestedin the post of Financial Advisor, advertised on XYZ website this week, andenclose my
‘cvfor consideration.

‘Throughoutmy career, | have gained considerable experiencein successfully presenting and selling
‘effective financialsolutionsto cients, | conskdermyselfto be an ethical and astutefinancial advisor
who operateswithintegrity and honesty tall times, My approachis to provide qualty service
‘that enabies customers to have the confidence to come back for mare advice at alater date,

| can engage with differentkinds of people, regardless of whether the eventis formalor informal,
‘and have excellent presentation and negotiating skis | believe that! am capable of exceedingthe

‘requirements of this ole and would ike to be giventhe chance to contribute to ABC Company's

| aminterestedin finding out more and ill hone in afew daysto checkif can have an informal
‘discussion with you about the post. Inthe meantime, you.can contact me on (phone number) orat
(e-maliaddress).

‘Thank youfor your consideration.

‘Yours sincerely

Jane Brown
Get more templates @ https:iresumizer.com

gS [123 Main Street] [Anytown, ST 12345] [info@resumizer.com]
> [123-456-7890] [987-654-3210] [https://resumizer.com]

Bob Smith
July 31, 2019,

[Hiring-Manager’s-Name]
[Hiring-Manager's-Title]
[New-Company-Name]
[New-Company-Street-Address]
[New-Company-City-State-Zip]

Dear [Hiring-Manager’s-Name],

| recently discovered the [New-Position-Title] position at [New-Company-Name] through [Where-WasJob-
Found]. | am very interested in continuing to build my career and gain more experience at your company
and believe that | could contribute a great deal

In the past, | have gained much experience with [Your-Major/Subject], which is very relevant to the position
and will allow me to start successfully and with little training. Not only have | had hands-on experience in
[Your-Major/Subject] for [Years-Worked-There]. but | also have an academic background in [Your-
‘Major/Subject]. Additionally, my [Your-Skills‘]. [Your-Skills2], and [Your-Skills3] skills will guarantee that |
can start the position successfully. | am sure that | am the most qualified and experienced candidate for the
job, and that | will be able to enhance the company immediately.

you have any questions in reviewing my qualifications, please do not hesitate to contact me at
123-456-7890 or info@resumizer.com. | look forward to hearing about your decision soon. Thank you for your
time and consideration

Sincerely,

Bob Smith

Enclosure: Resume
PHARMACIST

mremenam Letter Qieenenmsoynnci

 
Don. Felipe Sub.

Siniloan, Laguna

Respectfully yours,
Christine Joy Real

Christine Joy A. Real

Lde leon Steet
Siniloan, Lagana

August 24,2013

Mr. Edguardo Coladilla
loan Technical Vocational and Science High Schoo!

Siniloan, Laguna

SIR:

Itis my honor to teach in your school. 1 am Christine Joy Real an
Education at Laguna State polytechnic university graduated this year March 30, 2013 major in
Biology. I have passed the licensure examination for teachers last year with the average of 86%.

Lam willing to have my interviews anytime at your office. I have my bio-data in this letter.

For your more information about me, you can contact the following persons below:

1, Mrs. Aurelia Castro
Cashier, LSPU Siniloan
DON. Felipe Sub.

Siniloan, Laguna

 
Billy Patvi

Graphic Designer

Personal Info

Phone

501-872-2516

E-mail
billypatvi@gmail.com
www

www.patvi.com

LinkedIn
linkedin.com/in/billy-patvi

Twitter
twitter.com/billypatvi

6/11/18

David Redinger

Marketing Manager
Redinger & Hoff Marketing, Inc.
2749 Drainer Avenue
Tallahassee, FL 32301

Dear Mr. Redinger,

Winning the D&D New Blood Award made an exciting start to my career. However, increasing
client transactions by 30% at Senna Kenno, Inc. was even more exciting. | learned about your
goal to boost transactions at Redinger & Hoff last week when | heard you on the Call to
Action podcast. | think | can help.

As a graphic designer with 10+ years of experience, I'm energized by the idea of working at

Redinger & Hoff. You've got a phenomenal team already. Plus, you've got lots of opportunity

to do more business with your existing clients. Here are a few relevant past achievements:

+ Slashed client costs an average of 15% in 18 months. Paradoxically, that increased the
total spend per client. (I believe the low costs invigorated our customers' desire to buy.)

* Developed an average of 150+ graphic design projects per year. (My quick turnaround
made it easy for existing clients to book new work.)

* Contributed to a customer site that received the Shopify Design Award. (Advertising
achievements like this increased client confidence.)

I'm enthusiastic about seeing what | can do for you. Can we set aside some time to talk about
ideas to raise your client transactions 25% in the next 6 months?

Best Regards,

Billy Patvi, Graphic Designer

PS—I'd value the opportunity to show you how my team boosted revenue for an e-

commerce client by 22%!
HERA CURTIS
2345 Martin Street, New Townland, CA 99999 H: (555) 555-5555 @ C: (555) 444-4444 ¢
example@example.com

Dear Hiring Manager,

As a Hotel Manager with a successful 8 year track as a business leader and innovator, I'm ready to take on
the challenge of leading Crowne Plaza to the next level.

Over the course of my career in hospitality, I have gained a wealth of experience successfully managing
teams and growing businesses. I have a strong track record for directing budget planning initiatives,
developing market strategies, increasing market share and profitability, and building highly productive
teams.

I always make a point to stay on top of current market trends and identify new business opportunities. To

continually grow revenue year to year, I have worked collaboratively with an executive team to ensure
optimal performance at all levels.

When we have the opportunity to meet, I'd like to discuss how I can make an immediate impact on the
performance of Crowne Plaza. I would enjoy the opportunity to speak with you in person regarding my
qualifications and experience.

Sincerely,

Hera Curtis
Jesus Moreno

1 Main Street Cell: (555) 322-7337
New Cityland, CA 91010 cexample-email@esample.com

Dear Mr. Darling,

| write in response to your ad seeking an experienced Manager at the anchor restaurant in the Petersen
Hotel. As a highly competent hotel and hospitality professional, I would bring a service-focused and hard-
working attitude to this role.

In my current position, | maintain an efficient, results-focused work environment as I manage the main
restaurant inside the Navida Hotel in New Cityland. I have a knack for problem solving and work well
independently and with little oversight. I am a service-minded team leader with expertise in revenue
generation, training, and administrative functions.
Lam a self-starter and excel at staff motivation, customer service, and scheduling, 1 am familiar with staff
oversight, safety, and security, and lear new procedures quickly. As a part of the team at the Petersen
Hotel, | hope to continuously improve your revenue while elevating your guest experiences.

My resume and references are attached, Please feel free to contact me at your convenience and I look
forward to hearing from you soon

Sincerely,

Jesus Moreno
JAMES PARKS

Foto De 1994 | jrmmperaano.com

Jonvary 24,2019
Applebee's
RE Server

Dear Hing Manager

‘Asn expeienced Restaurant Serve, he posting for Svar with Applebee's piqued my inerst. When
reviewing he job requtemen's ond your websle, was excited tae that my quaticatons ard
perrona! tai ign wth yourneec ond mason.

|exng o2et of alent tha befeve wil be value fo Apelabee. my Retourant Server role, honed
‘my abies in food serving and hospiey. providing 9 0Kd oundaton fer the Server postion. My
ustamersenice, people cent nature, ond eagerness fo please have afforded me excelent
Interponcne! is

|omexcited fo conibute my srengih and prfcency in communication toward yout team elf. At
‘on extoveriad and penonable communicator wih a roven Nackrecordin busing. my fecuson
‘bulding song potesonalelatonshios hs been a valuable axel toughou! my carer.

Poot review my resume fora compete callection ol my work hilary and accompbhment. would
ke to schedule an nterviow at your eae converiance and wail cant you ra! week to check on
yourevalabity.Imhoping to dicusshow my peronaly and work Naor he Server oo

‘hank you lee your te end consideration

Sceray,
somes Pos
Katrina Rolle

Mobile: +1 205-545-1212 = Email: kateresumesbot.com
643 Lords Way, Bradford, IN 38316

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Comstock,

| have pleasure in applying for the advertised position as housekeeping.
Right now I'm looking for a full- time or a part-time job close to my home.

I'm a friendly, loyal and dedicated individual who always up for a challenge. | can
develop and excel while giving my best to an employer. | have a good work ethic and |
am good at what | do.

As you can see from my enclosed résumé, my experience and qualifications match this
position's requirements.

My skills include: clean, dust, polish and vacuum, change linens, make beds and clean
the bathroom. Also, I've had a lot of practice cooking and laying the table. | have
cooked for the family and guests in the house, where I've worked for 5 years. | can
supply references from Mr. and Mrs. Johns if required.

am confident that these skills and personal attributes would be of benefit to you.
Even under pressure, | can maintain high standards.

If you are looking for an honest and responsible person, please contact me.

Yours faithfully,

Katrina Rolle
Resumesbot

Checkout more Food Service and Hospitality Cover Letter Examples here:
HUMAN RESOURCES COVER LETTER
The Impact Cover Letter bad
Dear Russ Roman,

A personalized 7" -
ti | have a problem. See, my inbox currently
SIESENS (and embarrassingly) hosts 1,500 unread

emails—including newsletters from at least 50

A 7 different brands.
n engaging a
as But this problem only fuels my passion for

opener — ‘
creating emails that are worth opening.
Because from my perspective, as someone
An explanation who can barely get through their own stack of
of why you’re mail, that's a true win.
applying to this I've been following Vitabe for years, and can
company proudly say that | open every single email you
send to me. I'm a sucker for a good subject
SS Jine—"Take a Vitamin-ute—We'll A-B-C You
Soon” being my favorite—and the way your
A nod to this email content feels both fun and expert-
part of the Job backed really speaks to me. This is why I'm
description: thrilled to submit my application for a role as
email marketing manager at your company.

e Improve campaign | have over four years of experience working
success through in the email marketing space. In my current
conversion role at Westside Bank, | was able to implement
optimization, A/B x new email campaigns centered around
testing, and running reengaging churned clients. By analyzing
experiments data around the types of clients who churn

and the engagement of our current email
subscribers, as well as A/B testing headlines
and newsletter layouts, we were able to
increase email subscribers by 15% and
Examples > convert 30% of those subscribers to purchase
of making our product, a significant increase from the
an impact previous year. | also launched a “Your Credit
Matters” newsletter focused on educating our
clients on how they spend and manage their
; credit—which became our highest performing
A nod to this >, campaign in terms of open-rates and click-
part of the job through to date.

description: , ;
Previously, as a member of the marketing

team at Dream Diary Mattresses, |

> collaborated with the sales and product team
to understand how | could best support them
in hitting their quarterly goals. One specific
project involving creating personalized emails
for customers drew more people to come
back to our site after 30 days than direct paid
ad campaigns, leading to a 112% increase in

> revenue from the last quarter.

e Partner and
collaborate cross-
functionally with
sales, product,
product marketing,
and data teams

| take the content | write and the calendars |
A nod to this a manage seriously, editing and refining to the
part af the job point beyond being detail-oriented into scary
a a territory, and | feel my experience and drive
lescription: would greatly help Vitabe further develop their

email program for success.
© Manage email

marketing strategy
and calendar

Thank you very much for your time and
consideration.

Lad Miller
lamiller@inboxeseverywhere.com
(987) 654-3210
The Impact Cover Letter had
Dear Russ Roman,

A personalized -
| have a problem. See, my inbox currently

greeting (and embarrassingly) hosts 1,500 unread
emails—including newsletters from at least 50
different brands.

An engaging A
Oe But this problem only fuels my passion for

opener
creating emails that are worth opening.
Because from my perspective, as someone

An explanation who can barely get through their own stack of
of why you’re mail, that’s a true win.
applying to this I've been following Vitabe for years, and can
company proudly say that | open every single email you

send to me. I'ma sucker for a good subject
‘S line—"Take a Vitamin-ute—Welll A-
—and the way your
Soon" being my favo
A nod to this email content feels both fun and expert-
part of the job backed really speaks to me. This is why I'm
description: thrilled to submit my application for a role as
email marketing manager at your company.
e Improve campaign | have over four years of experience working
success through in the email marketing space. In my current
conversion role at Westside Bank, | was able to implement
optimization, A/B & new email campaigns centered around
testing, and running reengaging churned clients. By analyzing
experiments data around the types of clients who churn

and the engagement of our current email
subscribers, as well as A/B testing headlines
and newsletter layouts, we were able to
increase email subscribers by 15% and
Examples > convert 30% of those subscribers to purchase
of making our product, a significant increase from the
an impact previous year. | also launched a “Your Credit
Matters” newsletter focused on educating our
clients on how they spend and manage their
credit—which became our highest performin
4 nod to this >, campaign in terms of cen a click- °
part of the job through to date.

description: | |
Previously, as a member of the marketing

team at Dream Diary Mattresses, |

> collaborated with the sales and product team
to understand how | could best support them
in hitting their quarterly goals. One specific
project involving creating personalized emails
for customers drew more people to come
back to our site after 30 days than direct paid
ad campaigns, leading to a 112% increase in

Ss revenue from the last quarter.

Partner and
collaborate cross-
functionally with
sales, product,
product marketing,
and data teams

% | take the content| write and the calendars |
A-nod to this we manage seriously, editing and refining to the
5 joint beyond being detail-oriented into scar
part of the job point bey ing detalrort eae
a inti territory, and | feel my experience and drive
eseHPuen would greatly help Vitabe further develop their

email program for success.
e Manage email

marketing strategy
and calendar

Thank you very much for your time and
consideration.

Lad Miller
lamiller@inboxeseverywhere.com
(987) 654-3210
themuse
Alina Rudimenko

IT Consultant - 4+ Years Experience
Thursday, February 1, 2018 Personal Info

Jacqueline Jackson

Address
HR Manager
3 350 5th Ave
Lansing, LTD
350 5th Ave New York, NY 10118
New York, NY 10118 Phone

Dear Jacqueline, 718-708-1622

E-mail
As a longtime user and fan of Lansing’s peerless cloud offerings, | was excited to see the alina.rudimenko@gmail.com
opening for an IT technician. With my experience as an award-winning IT tech for AWS, | know |

can use my skill set and knowledge to become a valuable member of the Lansing team. Linkedin

linkedin.com/in/alinarudimenko
In my current position with AWS, I've had many responsibilities and achievements that would
serve me well in a role at Lansing. AWS offers cloud services to their clients, many which have
similar counterparts at Lansing, such as their virtual machines and the machine learning catalog.
On top of that, my numerous projects there have often maintained an enviable position as A/B

testing winners, and I'm sure that I could garner similar results at Lansing, such as:

+ | identified new service-ordering solution which led to a client wait time reduction of 17% and
an increase in client satisfaction by 39%

* | assisted IT director with administration applications, reducing workload by 19%

Obtaining the IT technician position at Lansing would be my dream come true. I've long been a
fan and personal user of several of your SaaS offerings. In fact, Lansing's foolproof development
platform is what initiated my passion for information technology. Though | love coding and fixing
bugs with all my heart, there is no other IT firm that would make me as happy to work for. | know,

should | be honored with the position, that I'd be the envy of my circle of friends!

| would welcome the chance to discuss your current cloud platform objectives and show you how

my successes at AWS can translate into growth for Lansing.

Sincerely,

Alina Rudimenko

P.S. I'd love the opportunity to sit down with you and go over how | can bring similar results to the

12% productivity increase | achieved at AWS to the Lansing office, as well.
MACKENZIE MYERS

1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-
email@example.com

Dear Mr. Melville,

Asa highly skilled IT Systems Manager, | read your posting for a new IT Systems
Manager with interest. My experience aligns well with the qualifications you are
seeking at Lighthouse Systems, in particular my role as Senior Open Systems
Manager with Institutional Solutions, and | am certain | would make @ valuable
addition to your organization.

With more than 11 years’ experience as an IT Systems Manager, | am adept in the
maintenance, upgrade, and improvement of open systems. Moreover, while my on
-the-job experience has afforded me a well-rounded skill set, including first-rate
organization and project management abilities, | excel at:

Managing and reallocating team workflow for maximum productivity.
Overseeing numerous update and maintenance projects.

Designing training for If staff and end-users.

Optimizing tools and procedures for managing the environment.

In addition to my experience and personal qualities, | have a solid educational
foundation and a passion for open systems management. |am extremely
enthusiastic about Lighthouse Systems’ focus on optimization and would welcome
the opportunity to contribute to your continued success through infrastructure
improvements.

Please review my attached resume for additional details regarding my expertise
and career achievements. | will follow up to request an appointment to discuss
how my experience and background meets your needs.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Mackenzie Myers
ROBERT HOWLAND

Somer C1040 | obetBowondtgmatcom

Jonvary 28,2019
Google

RE: Experienced Technical Support Representative fore


Dear [Mr. /Mrs. /Ms.] [Manager's Name],

Kindly accept this application from a highly enthusiastic, motivated, and knowledgeable
professional who wishes to apply for your Marketing Manager position.

| bring real life experience leading multi-disciplinary teams while delivering actionable solutions
in the form of marketing reports, overall campaign effectiveness, customer analytics,
segmentation, and insights.

Currently, in my role at Claydon Heeley as a Business Consultant, | have successfully increased
sales from $8,000 to $25,000 in ten months. 'm fiercely competitive in my approach, and | can
handle complex situations from both a strategic and a tactical perspective. As a Digital
Marketing Expert, | increased followers on social media by 150% and grew overall sales by
$45,000.

Additionally, | am able to identify, exploit, take advantage of, and fully develop any marketing
‘opportunity that comes my way. With my previous employer—The Boston Herald— | constantly
exceeded all goals, and | was valued for my ability to deal with complex situations by coming up
with unique and fresh solutions. | was responsible for managing sales projects, implementing
cost-saving programs, and forging enduring relationships with local organizations.

I have over 6 years of experience in this sector. I'm keen to join your company as you offer
applicants an array of impeccable career and growth opportunities. | possess excellent
management skills including negotiating, client relationship, resolving disputes, and critical
thinking.

| would be grateful for the opportunity to showcase my abilities further at a personal interview.
Please feel free to contact me.

Sincerely,

Dear [Mr./Mrs./Ms.] [Manager's Name],

Thank you for the opportunity to submit my application for the Marketing Manager
position. I have over 6 years of experience in the marketing industry, and I wish to
continue to succeed in the field.

In my current role as Marketing Manager for L'Oreal, I have developed product-
centric promotional campaigns which are projected to grow our year-on-sales figures
by $400,000. I have recruited, hired, and trained the vast majority of our current
marketing specialists, all of whom have contributed to improving our overall sales
goals by 24%.

Additionally, I have also:

* Managed corporate marketing functions with a budget of $2m, including brand
management, product launch, advertising, marketing collateral, and events

* Led the design of new packaging elements for Panasonic which saving $50K in
costs, and earned our company Green Award for utilizing cheaper,
environmentally-friendly materials

* Established a new social media team that grew our web presence and global
brand awareness by 34%

With a background rooted in sales and marketing, a drive to take charge in this ever-
changing industry, and the core skills required to effectively manage a dedicated

marketing staff; I am certain that I would prove to be a great asset to your already
talented team.

I want to thank you again for allowing me the opportunity to apply for this position. I
look forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely,

Certified Medical Assistant with 2+ years experience. Seeking to use proven patient care skill to
support excellence at Swift Med. Received 95% positive patient reviews at MedFast. Strong grasp
of EHR cteated 2296 less errors and saved $50,000 a year through correction of improper use.
California Certified Medical Assistant (CCMA)

Wilderness EMT Certification (WEMT)

Experience
2016-06 - Certified Medical Assistant
2017-07 Medfast

Fuliled all Certified Medical Assistant duties in a fast-paced urgent care clinic.
‘Triaged patients, took vital signs, and assisted with every area of patient care,
Assisted patients with walking, transfer, exam prep and all other needs,
Received 95% positive reviews in post-vsit patient surveys.

‘Maintained HIPAA at all imes. Assisted with creation of Risk Management
Plan/Assessment. Identified and helped correct five areas of elevated risk.
Conducted proper and concise EHR dacumentation forall visits. Through
strong grasp of EHR, maintained 22% less errors than average,

201406- Volunteer Medical Assistant
2015-05 Fazekas Medical Associates
+ Served as medical assistant in a small private practice, Handled patient
scheduling, phone work, took vital signs, spearheaded all EMR documentation.
+ Noticed a recurring flaw in the way ICD 10 codes were submitted. Corrected it
with management help and saved the practice an estimated $50,000/yr.
‘+ Managed inventory and supplies. Put supplies on a pull system and cut
inventory waste by 28%. Sourced a better vendor and saved another 15%.
+ Informed the head physician ofthe practice's emergent need for a HIPAA Risk
‘Management plan, saving them from a potentially catastrophic violation.

Education
2012- BA, California College of San Diego
2018 + Completed medical assistant program.

+ Filled all medical schoo! prerequisites.

+ Excelled in physics and organic chemistry.

+ Active member, American Medical Student Association (AMSA)

+ Wrote a monthly column on the changing face of healthcare for The Vista. My
article on EHR was reprinted by Engadget and got 100,000 views.

Additional Activities

+ Attended AMSA conference, 2015.

+ Volunteer once a month in local hospital pharmacy.

+ My blog post, How to Put Patients at Ease received honorable mention for an
‘ACD Medical Journalism Award and was linked to by BeckerHospitalRevien.

+ Regular listener, Sawbones podcast

Dear Ms,
Getting 7 commendations for efficiency as a CMA at MedFast was a nice achievement. At the core

of it is the joy take in being part af a smooth, efficient system. That's why your search for a new
CMAat Big Bean Medical Clinic has me so excited

‘Your job posting says you're looking fora Certified Medical Assistant skied in EHR, recording
patient info, and medical billing, with 4+ years of experience. I'm a CMA vith 5 years of

experience, plus these accomplishments

+ Collected and recorded patient info and vital signs for 45+ patients per day for 5 years,
Slashed past-due accounts by 2086 by setting up automated text/email reminders.
+ Suggested an improvement to our patient intake procedure that cut EHR tme 20 hours per
‘month.

"love to find out more about how I can help save time al Big Bean Medical. Could we set aside
some time for a call?

Best Regards,

Emma Endler, Medical Assistant

PS—Id also be happy to explain how | helped raise use of the patient portal by 25% and saved
another 10 office staff hours per month,

Dear [Mr./Mrs./Ms.] [Manager's Name],

| am writing to apply for the part-time Medical Assistant position at Living Well Health Centre, as advertised on
[website]. | am a certified AAMA Medical Assistant with 5+ years of professional experience in patient liaison,
record management, reception, and general office administration. | have worked at a range of medical facilities,
from private physician office settings to large, state-run hospitals. In my recent position as the Medical and Services
Assistant at the George Washington University Hospital, Washington, DC, | was trained in administering injections,
18 EKG's, patient scheduling, medical coding (ICD9/10 and CPT) and phlebotomy/blood draws.
|lam certified in Basic Life Support (BLS)/ CPR for adults, children, and infants, and am highly skilled in using the MS
Office Suite and Electronic Health Records (EHR) software. Specific highlights of my career include:

* Enhancing patient relations and reducing critical wait times
* Developing cost-effective administrative procedures
* Training staff members in patient interaction and communication
Ihave a Bachelor's in Health Care Management from Herzing University. | am confident that my extensive medical
and administrative skills will be of benefit to this position and to the Living Well Health Centre. Ihave attached a
copy of my resume with this email. If you need any further information, please call me at (xxx) xxx-200.
Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

<First Name> <Last Name>
<Address>
<City, State Zip>

<Dear> ,
hope all is well wth you! I know it has been quite some time, and I look forward to catching up in the near futuee
today to let you know that I have recently launched a job search ~ my first in more than 29 years —and T am,
hoping you might have some advice or referrals to offee me

In bsef, 1am exploring human resources management opportunities and am most interested in the business segment of a
medium or large cosporation that isa leader in its market or is poised for rapid prowth. Neady all really successful
companies have one major thing in common: they recognize and leverage the value that their human capital has to add in
achieving overall business goals and objectives, This i the type of company Tam targeting. I have extensive generalist
experience spanning the entire spectrum of human resources, and I am eager to position myself as @ partner in helping, a
company achieve its strategic goals, While Iam not necessarily targeting. any particular industry, the high-technology and
healthcare industries do interest me,

While I know you have some familiatty with my background, you may not know the details that set me apart from other
HIR management candidates. In 1989, I joined Xxxexe in accounting and progressed quickly on the executive tmack into

supervisory and then management positions. By 1997, Iwas ready fora change. So, ten years ago, in a planned career shift
to daw on and more filly utilize my excellent people skills, I teansitioned from finance to human resources. I have always
had excellent skills in the areas of employee relations, compensation and benefits planning, recniiting, hising, and
performance management, and this move gave me the opportunity to put them to use in a more formal way, delivering
HR programs, tools, and systems designed to support strategic business goals,

Of course,  has gone through many changes in the past decade, and working in HR put me sght in the middle of
many of them. While the turmoil of the situation was challenging, the experience definitely enhanced my qualifications az
4 partner in support of comporate reorganization and change management initiatives,

Last summer, after more than 20 years of dedicated service to Xonexx, I dlecided it was time for new challenges and new
opportunities, Before doing so, I chose to take some time off to spend with my family and to recover fom an accident (I
broke my am). Now, [am excited to cetum to woek and I have just launched my search

<Contact Name>, if you have any advice to offer me, I would really appreciate it. It has been a long time
since [ have conducted a job search! For your review and to better familiarize you with my qualifications, Ihave enclosed
‘very brief version of my résumé. I have a longer, more detailed version available if you prefer

‘Thank you, <Contact Name>! I will give you a call early next week,

Sincecey,

Sands Fortier

Enclosure
Example coverletter for networking pusposes developed by Distinctive Documents ssw. distinctivewe com
Copyright 2010, Distintive Career Services, LLC — Example only, copying prohibited

From

Corny williams

8578 Casper Street
Frame Cottage
Juneau, Alaske - 76859
usa

E-mail: corny.wiliamsitanyrnail.com
Telephone mo, (O87)-647-7384
July 28th 2012,

To
Peter Fernandez
Recruitment Lead
Survival Hospital

768 Western Lack Street
huneau, Alaska

USA
Dear Mr. Peter,

With reference to your ad in the Weekly Classifieds of this week, T came to Know that your hospital is looking
for the registered nurse practitioners with a considerable experience of § years in health care. Tam extremely
interested in serving at your esteemed arganization ana T have relevant experience and skills that satisfy your
requirements
have practiced st Memorable Hospital for two years and am currently working as an independent health care
practitioner, since 3 years. I have also been a part of the mesical camps arranged by the public health care
centers. I have extensive ability in providing assistance to the patients in case of acute ang chronic illness with
the ability of assisting in minor surgical processes. I can offer basic self-care and health Denavior tips to the
patients.
| am sure that your organization will surely benefit with my knowledge and expenence. If you fee: thet T am the
nght candicate whe can be a help far yaur erganzation then for detailed information abaut my experience,
qualitications ard skilis you can refer the atracned resume, Feel free to call me at (087)-547-7384 or mail me
at cerny,willams@anymail.com,
Thenk you for yaur time and consideration,

Sincerely Yours,
Corny Willams

Enclosures

© Resume
# License copy of registered medical practitioner
# Expenence letter from previous employer

#  Reieving letter from previous employer
Cover Letters for Nursing -Job Application

Your Name

Your Present Address
City, State, and Zip Code
Telephone Number
E-mail Address

Date

Addressee’s Name

Title

Organization Name
Street Address

City, State and Zip Code

Dear Ms. / Mr. (Last Name):

lam currently a Nursing student of Grand Canyon University and am writing in
response to your advertisement in the local Employment News for a certified
nursing assistant, CNA/PCA, for your emergency wards.

As you can see in the enclosed resume, | have a very strong academic
background in nursing combined with more than five years work experience in
health and medical care. My recent internship at Major Hospital in Phoenix
allowed me to further develop and strengthen my communication skills. | believe
that | could make a significant and valuable contribution in your firm.

| would appreciate the opportunity to discuss how my education and experience
will be beneficial to [Organization Name]. | will be contacting you tomorrow
morning by phone to talk about the possibility of arranging an interview. Thank
you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Your Name
Senior Student, Nursing,

Enclosures:

1. Resume - myresume.doc

2. Letter of appreciation by The Head of Department, Nursing, GCU. -
appletter.doc
Anne Smith
Registered Nurse (RN) 2263731

© 461 Bridge Street i linkedin.com/annutw
Westbrook, ME 04092

774-987-4008

| ann.e.smith@gmail.com

5/8/18

Edwina Palau
Charge Nurse
MMC

1589 Geneva Street
Portland, ME 04019

Dear Ms. Palau,

Managing my unit's budget and cutting 35% from it without sacrificing quality of patient care was one of my proudest

moments as a nurse. I would be even prouder to replicate that success at Maine Medical Center's Portland Unit.

As a nurse with 5 years of experience, I'm drawn to MMC's patient-centered focus. MMC's belief in ownership and

innovation create a respectful environment where I believe my talents would shine. Among my past achievements:

* Created efficient schedules that cut 10% of the scheduling waste from the unit.

* Trained 11 nursing staff in EMR systems and best practices.

* Led an HCAHPS improvement drive that helped our hospital recoup an extra 1% of Medicaid reimbursements.

I'm very excited to see how much more I can do in a focused system like MMC's.

Can we set up a meeting to discuss how my past work can translate to elevated success for MMC's patients?

Best Regards,

Anne Smith, RN

PS—I'd love to explain how I got shortlisted for a DAISY Award!
OperationsManager
Orme Qoomen O Smceae

 
jane.doe@gmail.com

Jane Doe m16-821-9879

New York, USA
@oouo G

fo: jane-doe.com
Maria Winter, Ph.D. ;
maria.winter@harvard.edu linkedin.com/in/jane-doe.com In

Department of Political Science at
Harvard University
Cambridge, MA 02138, USA

10 - 15 - 2078

To whom it may concern,

lam writing to express my interest in the doctoral program in the Department of Political Science at
Harvard University, as it has always been my age-long ambition to become a political advisor to the
President of the United States of America.

Thanks to the swift progress of my Bachelors and Masters degrees, it is glaring that studying and doing
research are endeavors | would like to engage in even more. While studying for my BSc in Behavioural
Psychology at Yale University, | developed a strong interest in the interaction between individuals and their
environment and | found this very intriguing and interesting, specifically its influence in World politics today.
After my Bachelors, | pursued a Master’s degree in Political Communications also at Yale University, which |
completed in January 2018.

| believe that there is no better place to continue my academic career in Politics as it relates to Behavioural
Psychology than the Political Science department at Harvard University. | consider it a very rich experience
to get the opportunity to meet students from all over the world and learn about their culture and values.
Hence, courses like Democracy and Citizenship, Public Policy Analysis, and Management of Religious
Diversity would give me more insight into how politics is affected in the world today by many other factors
aside Behavioural Psychology. Considering the pedigree as well as the content of the Master’s degree in
Political Science at Yale University, combined with the knowledge | have garnered from my previous
studies, | am confident that this Ph.D. brings me a step closer to my goal of becoming a political Advisor to
the President of the United States.

| believe that | am a very diligent and highly motivated student; while studying for my Bachelors and my
Masters, | did not fail any exam or fail to turn in any due assignment. | am certain to push through with the
dedication | have always worked with to accomplish my goals and gain more knowledge and insight into
political science. | developed a very deep interest in politics from my experience in working with the fparty
name] at [party address] a political party in [country name]. Here, | attend meetings, determine political
campaigning activities, design accurate slogans and texts for campaign purposes and devote myself to
offline and online political campaigning.

Studying Political Science at Harvard University is an opportunity | would love to dedicate myself too
wholeheartedly, and | hope that during my stay in Boston, Massachusetts, | will be able to contribute to the
community in the best way that | can. Considering my academic performance so far and my desire to
enrich mine and others’ knowledge in political science, | am convinced that | will be a valuable addition to
the programme. | hope to be given this chance, as | am confident that | am capable of meeting and even
exceeding your expectations.

Thank you for considering my application.

Yours Sincerely,
Jane Doe

RS novoresume.com

[Your Name]

[Street Address]
[City,ST ZIP Code]
December 18, 2009

[Recipient Name]
[Title]

[Company Name]
[Street Address]
[City,ST ZIP Code]

Dear [Recipient Name]:

It is our pleasure to confirm our offer of employment to you as an Event Coordinator at
Adventure Works. In this position, you will report directly to Linda Moschell beginning
Monday, November 3, 2003.

Your salary will be $45,000 per year. Paychecks are issued biweekly beginning with your
first paycheck on Friday, November 14, 2003.

We will provide relocation assistance in the amount of $2,500. If you leave Adventure
Works before one year of continuous employment, you are required to return the total
amount of relocation assistance.

You will be eligible for medical and dental benefits beginning on your first day of
employment. Vacation accrues at a rate of 8.33 hours per month. You will be eligible to
take accrued vacation after three months of continuous employment.

To confirm your acceptance of this offer of employment, please sign below and return to
me by fax at (555) 555-0150.
Signature Date

Sincerely,

[Your Name]
[Title]
Meg Henderson #1-202-555-0161

example@wozber.com

Sales Manager www.wozber.com

Orlando, FL

XYZ
2228 Hide A Way Road
Orlando, FL

Dear Mrs. Jesse Richardson,

| am a sales professional who called you yesterday asking about this open job position. | believe XYZ is an amazing
company, so | would like to use an opportunity to present myself in hopes that | will join your sales team.

I've worked with sales for the last three years, and during that time | was able to increase unit sales goals by 260%,
continuously complete monthly goals of 100 meetings and sell products with an average price point of $18 000
every day. | also implemented retargeting sales campaigns using Facebook Pixel and other data tracking
technologies, and created 20+ email templates that were applied as a company standard. | know how to ask the
right questions and listen at the right time. | communicate well and am an analytical and creative sales professional
who can bring the required qualifications and energy to XYZ. | am willing to exceed the sales quota starting from the
first day.

| would like to meet in person to learn more about your sales needs and share more of my knowledge. | look forward
to this opportunity. Please feel free to call or email me.

Thank you for your time,
Meg Henderson

Created with @) wozber www.wozber.com
SAMPLE COVER LETTER

Date

Mr, Surname and Name
Human Resource Manager
Company Name

Str. Area Code

P.0.Box *
City, country
Dear Sir/Madam,

I read with great interest your Ad in “Exeeutive Magazine” issue #, dated march 31, 2008.1
am applying for the position of Accountants I believe this position offers the challenges that
my education and experience have prepared me to handle such tasks on professional basis.
Tam a graduate of the American University of Beirut and hold a bachelor Degree in business
Administration. I have earned my degree in February 2008 and currently seeking a good
position with your reputable company that meets my qualifications and expectations.

During my years of education at the American University of
_or assisted my professors in several projects. In addition, I was
Business/Engineering/Education society and parti
organized by the departments,
1, Lhave participated in
active member in the
events that were
Tam a highly motivated person with good analytical and communication skills. Moreover, my
‘strong background in computer will put me in the right direction to run any program in your

departme th, French and Aral
Tam fluent
Finally, Tam
spaltications In thins ;nection, please find attached my resume for your perusal. Here below
‘Thank you for your precious time and consideration and looking forward to hearing from you.

Best Regards,
Signature

Surname and Name
Home Address

Email Address
Phone:+961-3-LI11111
Fax: 9611-11111

[2 RESUMES

TIME
SUSAN HORSESMITH

LinkedIn URL goes here ® susanthorsesmith@net.net * (973) 222-1515
Month Day, 2014

Name
Company
Address

City, State Zip

Re: Position

Dear Name or Hiring Manager:

As a highly experienced executive assistant who excels at assisting multiple business leaders concurrently, I
was intrigued to see that you have an opening for (job title). With a proven track record in coordinating the
schedules and workloads of up to 5 busy executives, I believe I am uniquely qualified for this position. My
resume is included for your consideration.

Throughout my professional life, 1 have constantly earned exceptional performance reviews and increased
responsibilities. My current CEO calls me his “right-hand, without whom I would be lost.” Executive leaders
frequently praise my attention to detail and I am regularly trusted with highly confidential information.

A few of my most notable qualifications include:

+ Advanced software and computers systems skills including Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and
Visio, various CRM systems including Salesforce.com, and web conferencing systems.

+ Exceptional ability to coordinate large-scale events such as a conferences, symposiums, panels, and
training sessions, including international travel and logistics.

+ Prove record of managing both the personal and professional lives of business executives, coordinating
with a variety of internal and external resources.

+ Well-desetved reputation for dealing tactfully with people at all levels of an organization.

I have been very happy in my present role, but the pending sale of the business has prompted me to explore
new opportunities. I am confident that I could deliver real value for your organization, and would be
delighted to meet in person to discuss my background in more detail.

Sincerely,

Susan Horsesmith

enclosure

7 Leaming Street * Marlboro, NJ 07747
DENNIS SIMON

Sometown, WV SSSSS + (555) 555-5555 » ds@somedomain.com

April 2, 2018

Ms. Martha Plymouth
HR Manager

ABC Company

55 First St.
Sometown, WV SS555

Re: EMT position advertised on Monster
Dear Ms. Plymouth:

‘As a certified EMT with 12 years of emergency medicine experience, I offer a passion for
helping others and reputation for exceptional clinical and patient-relations sills.

Since joining the EMT team at XYZ Company, Ihave distinguished myself asa top-
performing medical professional capable of handling a range of emergency rescue and
response calls. Examples include:

Medical emergencies and complications due to chronic/severe illness (e.g., cardiac
arrests, strokes, seizures, diabetic comas, burns, fractures, poison ingestion,
drug alcohol overdoses and injuries due to violent crimes)

Automobile collisions and vehicle extractions

Fast-water rescues, fires, floods and other disasters

Tam committed to saving lives, and always mest or exceed contractual response times. I
remain calm under pressure; quickly assess and stabilize patients; and ensure fast and safe
‘transport of the ill or injured to hospitals for further medical care.

In addition to EMT certification, I completed the EVOC (Emergency Vehicle Operators
Course) and hold active AHA certification in BLS (Basic Life Support). Iam also a proficient
user of MS Office and Electronic Medical Records software.
My skills, credentials and experience appear to match the requirements listed in your
advertisement for an EMT. I hope to be selected for an interview, and can be reached at (S55)
555-5855 or ds@somedomain.com,

Sincerely,

Dennis Simon

Enclosure: Résumé
‘cease msn Semon are eterna Tan
ot
Basic Cover Letter
1 used with an emailed resume, omit top Name, Address, et. section and also the
“enclosure” note a the end of eter

‘Your Name

‘Your address
City, State Zip
‘Your Phone Number and/or E-mail
Dae
(Contact Name
‘Human Resources Manager
Company Name
(Company Address
ity, Sate Zip

‘Dear Ms. (Name): (or Dear Human Resources Manager: )

‘Lam ering concerning a (give the jb title) position wth your organization. Ihave a
pariclar interest in working for your company and would appreciate being considered as
2 candidate for employment.

"have (give number) years experience as (give the job ie tiles, orname a relevant,
‘oad sk area). Tam ails wih (list elevates of knowledge). My skillset,
includes (ist relevant sis) Thavea (give name of degree or cerifcate). My
[Srengths ae my (same astrength) and my (name another srengi). am hard working
nd dependable with a variety of skills and commonsense.

[Enclosed is my resume. 1 hope i willbe helpful in evaluating my qualifications for a
Please fel fre to contact me at your eaiest convenience to arrange for an
Interview, [look forward to meeting with you to discuss your requirements fr this

‘employment opportunity.
“Thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,

‘Your Signature
release

» 24-7
%

Press Release Contact Information,
Kevin Savote
avete Pabishing.
Manager
Po Bos 1208
Blue Lake CA
S505
oko: 91 48 220 655
Eta ©
Sites Offer Free Resume Templates and Cover Letter Examples to Help Land Jobs
The economy may Be in flux, but one thing hasn't changed: Empioyers stil expect applicants to submit an expertly formatted
resume, complete with a cover letter. if they want fo be sertously considered fer a job.
BLUE LAKE, CA, Octoner 09, 2008 /24-7PressRelease! - Savet7 Publishing, inc. now offers two Web sites of use to job
seekers: resume templates al InstantResumeTemplates.com and cover letter examples at CoverLetterExamples.net.
(Besides dozens of employment-reiated cover letfers, the laller site also includes letlers lo accompany schaiarship
applications, college adrnissions ard various other situations.)
AAl| of tne resume templates and cover letter examoles can be nnstantly downloaded and printed tor tree n .DOG format The
files are lully editable in Microsoft Word and most other word processing programs,
‘Competition for jobs ie stifl, and the applicants who etand cut will be the ones whe have made sure to highlight their ckils
on a professional loaking resume accompanied by 2 well written cover ieter,” said Kevin Savelz, the sites’ creator
“InstantResumeTemplates.com and CoverLetterE xamples.net are designed to make thal part of the job hunt easier
InstanifiesumeTemplates.com has dozens of sample resumes ready for job-seekers to customize. Some are
chronologically organized and very professional resumes, well others are more creative and informal, Several of the designs
are also appropriate tor acadernic use. They are all available in both letter and 4 sizes.

‘The cover lelter examples caver a wide variety of situations, trom career change to respanaing ta an anline jab posting
There are also severai aiticies on CoverLetterExamples.net with tips and advice on cover letter formatting, etiquette and
other important details,

‘The siles were created by Savetz Publishing, Inc
‘a company that creates high-quailly, content-driven web sites.

Contact
KovinSavetz

Saveiz Publishing, Inc

PO Box #205.

Blue Lake, CA 95525

491 44 222 686

savelz@gmall com

hilo. www savetzpubl'shing.com
‘Thomas K Eden,
32 5 Riverview,
Ogden, Tove 50113,
(S15) 555-7598.

Date: ith Jan, 2008.
Jack Richardson,

Office of Community Treatment,

DFG Mental Health Board,

323 South Avon Drive,

Milton, NY 10945,

(s14) 555-2503.

Dear Mr. Richardson,
Lam writing this letter to inquire about social positions with your hospital. I read
that you are searching to develop a various treatment teams to help the
mentally ill and psycho people in thair lives. I am interested in one of such
position which provides me satisfaction.

My qualification az a 8.5.W. degree and my solid experiance makes me ideal
candidate for this position. My practice at ABC University provided me with
better knowedge about social working field.

For further details, please see my resume. I'am very interested in working for
‘your firm.

If you wish to arrange an interview with me, please contact me at above
telephone number or e-mail me on EdenTK@rediffmail.com.

‘Thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,

(Signature)

‘Thomas K Eden.

Enclosure Resume.
Eine C. Kwan
310 East Market Street
Iifin, OH 44883
(223) 456-7890,
Ecwan777@yahoocom
June 1, 2008

‘Ms. Nancy Johnson, Principal
East Side City Schools

222 East Street

East Side City, OH 12345-6789

Dear Ms. Johnson,

Enclosed are my application materials for the High School English teaching positon at East,
‘Side City Schools. This May completed my Bachelor of Arts in English fram Heidelberg College,
and received Ohio Licensure in AYA Language Arts (qrades 7-12). Last fll completed my
studentteaching in your districtat Pleasant Valley Middle School, and enjoyed a wonderful
experience with students in several English Literature and Writing classes. | abo appreciated
the professionalism and caring attitude of the teachers and staff,

‘During my various field experiences, | worked with students at all levels, including 9" grade
‘remedial Language Arts and AP English. This included providing individual, small group and
whole class instruction to students with learning disabilities, emotional disturbances, and
‘multiple disabilites. | value individuality, and strive to meet the needs of each student. To
‘accamplsh this, | use a varie of hands-on activities and different teaching strategies to
‘accommodate diverse learning styles. A few of my students favorites include my “Recycle Your
Essay" competion and “Rule or No Rule’ a grammar game based on a popular TV shove | also
‘recognize the importance of trust, and successfuly established relationships with students that
resulted in a safe, comfortable, challenaina learnina environment.
